1	# qanda what happen to the predicted fall of society after ssm . only the religious conservative right are the one running a muck in government .
1	# causality ? is it : 1. chicago lawmaker instituted strict # guncontrol because of high pre-existing crime rate ? 2. crime rate is high because strict gun control prevents law abiding citizen to be armed - so only scofflaw have gun ? 3. no causality at all . statistic are # cohort
0	. ha done this to me and many others . shut off functionality and targeted censored conservative . # foxnews url
1	that 's ok antifa terrorist do n't have intelligent conversation any way . keep your head in that safe space . url
0	hate to say it , but you got your side mixed up . how many people have been beaten up , killed , etc by far-right radical '' . on the other hand , antifa , black life matter , etc ? ''
0	yup basically another dead cat url
1	false . your intrusion on the constitutional right of honest american did nothing to curb violent crime . gun control = violence against the law-abiding citizen .
0	yes , yes she is . and he 's fully aware . i 'm fiiiiiine . '' ''
0	time to kick may out and take on brexit a it should of been done 2 year ago . # conservative # maymustgo
0	the free press '' ? ? ? you mean mainstream corporate medium ? ? ? you ought to look into what you are speaking of . i come from a line of journalist and printer that were and are an integral part of truly free press . we are not shutting down speech , the left is . antifa .
0	bad bytches prolly got some fucked up attitude ! so this oughta y ’ all y ’ all ya look only carry you so far
1	holy shit you met michael jordan
1	are you freaking serious . 3900 life lost . trillion dollar in recover and rebuild . continued threat and fear . you are a disgrace to journalism . you moron !
0	i so hope you are a real person because this is a perfect tweet .
1	unfirtunately i have seen hispanic justifying shit from trump . i argued with two family member of mine who belief trump did helped pr a lot . and i have a relative who he is a trump fan & amp ; agreeds that the majority of immigrant that come are bad . it is upsetting
1	is a very lost soul ! his father f * * ked him up real good !
1	# whatilearnedtoday liberal are the scum of the earth absolute treason .
0	no , we conservative have not . it 's smoken ' mirror by establishmnt dems who are inbred , demon possessed & amp ; controlled by lucifer ( father of lie '' ) through soros/obama/clinton et al @ this juncture in history . # reversepcism is key & amp ; rebuke them all in the name of jesus ! ! ! # kag ! ''
0	( ( bam ! there she is ! url
0	calif buy more # maga url
0	maybe she is lying ? why is she not responding
0	yes a the democrat and liberal continue to sabotage the november election it would be the intelligent thing to do so say 20+million veteran url
1	actually antifa make u want to kick them right in the teeth url
1	they meet many many fan it ’ s amazing that he remembered her don ’ t be a bitch
0	listen carefully to these # leftist ! ! ! this is exactly what they will do ! # liberal & amp ; # leftist can ’ t be trusted !
0	i have tried to follow you . how are you different from the liberal . pandering to the dairy monopoly is offensive in principal and in practise . the ppc party may be the only option that reflects my value . it take fortitude to do what is right .
0	yes he is the man 18n18
1	lol you escaped some shit then ... even if i do n't regret watching it for a minute . # loyalwolf
0	. “ thatcher had an agenda : to crush the voice of the working people. ” and are doing the same again today . join a trade union . join the party . # imwithdave url
1	i hope it show how to plug a bullet hole ? people are getting fed up with mommy warrior and bad thing are going to happen to antifa soon if they are not reigned in
0	you are amazing . you fill our day with light . do n't ever change . love from your irish fan .
1	this is the violent liberal antifa party ! now they try to convince u they they have a heart ? and some woman is knocking our men . there 's go around with kkk hood beating up stranger & amp ; wrecking our town . most violent corrupt party ever .
0	she is one of our greatest so you be thrown under the bus for that bad judgment .
0	today history is just repeating itself . liberal have got away with these disgusting trick for too long ! they need to be stopped a this is deeply damaging our country . democrat should be more concerned about our country than power and money . ( i know that will never happen )
1	he is the worst speaker ever !
1	sexy
1	i 'm sure he doe n't call his gated community 's private security firm bull connors '' though . it 's funny : now liberal love privatization of police ! ''
0	happy belated birthday sexy man
0	why is john kerry running his mouth again a if we cared about what he ha to say ? i can ’ t think of a single damn thing kerry ha accomplished besides run his mouth . trump ’ s accomplishment exceed anything kerry could ever dream of . even before becoming president !
0	i do n't believe an elk could grip a rifle even if it could purchase one . although you would probably want sensible gun control law '' on anything the elk could purchase to defend itself . sad . ''
1	alaye turn if your maga don pay
1	anarchist are left wing extremist . they stand with antifa .
1	* life in chicago * think gun control work url
0	what ’ s shocked me is that they consider themselves secular ! ! ! ! liberal ! ! ! those kind of yoga vegan freak ! but when it ’ s about occupation they shift to something el ! url
0	oh no ! hope you are okay .
0	let roll # maga patriot ! add ten of your favorite patriot url
1	someone 's is asking if davido wa n't supposed to be in camp ? oga madam park well ! ! davido 's business is non of your business . na u send am go school ? haterz ... chop shit n die
0	i 'm betting she only ha to submit to a blood test if she is a driver in a vehicular accident where a death or grave injury occurred .
1	god help u . the woman cant even get coherent sentence out of her mouth .
0	canada spiralling out of control url # trudeau # qanon # cbc # maga # ctv # bbc # tcot
0	that 's the point you waffle faced nob goblin
1	you are seriously so despicable . how can you even look you kid in the eye ...
0	# walkaway from # liberal and # justintrudeau url
1	true but the constant talk from the left about common sense gun control every time and yet not one valid proposal
0	antifa : the brain child of the democrat . # democratshateamerica # democrat # antifa
0	devil worshipper unite !
0	you are an amazing organizer
1	better take an extra antidepressant cher it ’ s a done deal .
0	lady get real trump is rich he doesn ’ t need tax payer money.liberals still tax payer money .
0	agree ! she is the rock star for the age . proof ? i 'm old and love pink . her so what '' video is hilarious and brimming with strong woman attitude . and , she can actually sing a opposed to most of the wannabe out there now . the best ! ''
0	gawd help u .
1	you are dead to me !
1	we have a stupid problem . conservative don ’ t just hate study by smart people ( smart people suck ) that show data ( data schmata ) and fact ( # fakenews ) but just being near one can turn somebody into a nitwit . # cdnpoli
1	further proving that # liberalismcausesmentalretardation and # feminist are a cancer on the american republic
0	q said to expand our thinking . this is what i came up with . i hope i put it in a graphic people can understand . # qanon # greatawakening # patriotsfight # wethepeople # unitedwestand # kag # maga # wakeup # walkaway # redoctober url
0	i wa on a conference call after the election of our president . 30 minute of ted lieu discussing how to stop trump . this guy support antifa . maxine is his mentor .
1	a cute girl that i 've had a crush on since earlier this year just called me funny and i want to throw up
0	you are suggesting that it is not the law and policy ( sanction regime ) that informs rate of benefit sanction . the graph would suggest that is true a by 2017 the sanction rate wa lower than it wa under the previous sanction regime . good observation about pressure '' ++ ''
1	yes mother now this is what the deranged left will make you do to your little boy ! are we really going to let this happen ? pure evil ! # votedemsout # maga # 2020 # confirmjudgekavanaugh url
0	# dtmag url gabby giffords ’ gun control group targeting pro-2a district with statue of child cowering under school desk '' ''
0	# rssreachesout so called liberal exposed .. want talk with terror state .. but boycott r covention .
1	4.5 million kid in poverty a screwed up universal credit system brexitshambles an economy teetering on the brink ... the list is endless and the common factor & gt ; building a country fit for nothing
0	she ’ s so far up in the cloud she ’ s long since forgotten what common sense is let alone how the american people feel she ’ s just another michael bloomberg trying to push her view on everyone else and the state she represents
0	he is spot on ! ! ! thanks joe and creepy jr for spreading joe ’ s message !
1	hope you 're right about that last part . but i 've learned it 's pointless to underestimate the stupidity of tx conservative .
0	i hope you are voting for on thursday .
1	she is just spewing sh * t bernie 's robot what a lie they will say & amp ; do anything and what she is going to do for district 14 not a da * n thing socialism do n't work that way they suck all up .
1	it 's clear that trump is president and hillary still ca n't accept that . too bad 'ause he 's there for 6 more year . # maga
0	love her she is beautiful
1	risking his own as lol
0	you are but rider always make me aware when you are late for him so late is late no mater who you are meeting .
0	dave ha every right to be on the exact wrong side of an argument !
0	you are not alone with that : (
0	and no one in their infinite wisdom could n't predict this ? please !
1	an already-debunked viral hoax '' tell me who decides if a meme ha been debunked ? ? a potentially biased human ha to thats who . url # facebook # rosetta # meme # qanon # maga url
0	gun control is n't a solution though
1	she is a zombie .
0	so ist e ! # thedeepstate # jesuiten # cabal # satanist # nwo # kalergiplan ~ # kalergipreis # whitegenocide # communism # antifa # albertpike1871 ‼ # draintheswamp # lockthemallup # guantanamo # expropriate # qanon # potus45 # trump2020
1	krazee right winger have the nerve to bitch about antifa .
1	he is totally bluffing ...
1	i don ’ t trust kanye right now . i might not like that shit .
0	i 'm glad you are doing something fun !
0	# tory # labour # ge2017 # conservative conservative url rehman_chishti : a wonderful experience reading elmer the elephant to young karachiites at pkbritish britishcouncil library . great to be able to promote the amazing work of bri… url
0	thought they scored 69 point ... sad
1	yeah way to ruin the fucking hype . this is why you werent invited to dennys after we finished with andreas lol .
0	it ha always been aim to compromise the evidence so that the special counsel can not use it to convict during impeachment . . # maga url
0	all the above are under uk control : we didn ’ t have to wait to leave to decide and deliver area already fully under uk control . at this rate 33 month will be wasted plus the time to sign a new uk/eu27 trade agreement . britain on hold . /4 # brexitbritain
1	really another one holy crap wow all brought to you by the liberal .
0	hahahaha . how many fake case of hate have liberal made up sense the election ? really sad liberal will lie about anything to get what they want . but cant really expect much from people who need safe space and attack people who dont agree with them
0	notice that all of the homeless are white and american . that 's not by accident . the state ha gone out of it way to displace american with by harboring illegal alien and making taxpayer pay for them . # maga
1	this president is such a idiot i wish some one would tell me why and how he is still in office ! god help those being hit by this storm ! lord know they will not need paper towel thrown at them ! !
1	do you think she is afraid of pig that are not the same colour a her ?
1	you mean exactly like conservative are attacking this current victim ? ?
0	i have adopted a pet from you about 5 yr ago . she is still with me and her daughter is still with my friend . her name wa nina but i changed it to onna . a truly amazing little girl guite the grandmother attitude . i love her so much . i believe she saved me . : )
0	wa n't lois c.k 's issue asking inappropriate question ? - so he is being put into the same category a racist / people who assault others sexually ... seems a bit over the top if that 's the case . i remember when we used to use the law to decide a person guilt / punishment .
1	he should be given 5000 volt !
0	boy they are really panicking why what do they have to hide i wat to know do t you . i don ’ t recall republican acting like this when obama put two liberal on the court
1	yes a fuck
1	no it ’ s because you are a horrible person
0	more woman working because the liberal have put their husband out of work .
0	what i 'm saying mgk is claiming he is the modern best but his stuff now is n't what em wa 10 year ago
0	so funny how the liberal can see this in others but not in themselves ! ! ! !
0	“ she is such a cutie
0	you are most welcome ! ! ! # whysjamescryin ? ? ?
0	yes . liberal .
1	not really . gun control limit one capability to personally safety . it make it even harder for good people to buy gun legally . it will even make it hard for woman to obtain gun for self defense . just keep a simple background check system we already have .
0	nothing leave
1	googlecide – death by don ’ t-be-evil-corp inspiring the internet bill of right preventing leftist oligarchy from erasing people based on political belief transforming western civilization into a totalitarian state controlling nearly all aspect of life via the googlesplaining .
0	lmaooo . girl you are lyingggg . it didn ’ t take two week for them to take all this money for these ticket i purchased ! but thanks girl lol
1	he make a good point . too bad that is a career death sentence these day .
0	a candidate for governor that is friend with an individual that support antifa ? # trump # maga # syria # israel # alternativefacts # walkaway # walkawayfromdemocrats # liberalismisamentaldisease # news # kavanaugh # sugardaddyneeded for democratic socialists=taxpayers working family url
0	alright imma need an explanation there
0	and you are who to speak for the rest of u ?
0	i hope the nfl fold !
0	look like gun control is working out well for your sh * t hole country huh ? how are those gun law working huh ? more shooting and murder by gun than america which ha more gun than people in brazil
0	liberal have never been able to grasp consequence .... your example is the perfect response ... he will probably still be unable to understand it though .
1	endorses felon '' ah yes and who are felon most likely to be ? ? ? ? this shit reminds of when bernie said chicago wa `` different '' to vermont in regard to what gun control wa needed . ''
1	there 's an entire faction dedicated to the idea that school shooting are all faked to try to get gun control law passed .
0	looking forward to meeting you at conference !
1	yeah . that 's kinda the fashy thing right now . the proud boy scumbags wear tshirts saying pinochet did nothing wrong '' and antifa are the one who are violent ? please . it 's been an actual fascist every time this ha been brought up in my experience . like dude here , who stopped .. ''
0	here you go
0	all u.s. ww2 vet are antifa .
1	ntknetwork news 'senate set to pas bipartisan bill to combat opioids ' # maga # 2a # prolife url
1	so dissapointing . this guy is the biggest hypocrite in the country . embarrassing that he is our senator
0	you are out doing yourself today .
0	truly sad there are so many other thing we shud be talking abt gun control homeless getting those kid back 2 their parent but it ’ s this news still talk abt u know donald trump ha truly separate this country in many way not just one way but many way url
1	you know scott doe not care about gun control . he ha done nothing to help our child fight for gun valance stoppage in america . vote to help our kid in school . vote dem . trump lied to them with him .
0	wait a sec .. shouldn ’ t trump being proposing comprehensive vetting for gun control ? ? wtf ? # guncontrolnow # voteblue
1	and bale is shit
0	you are going to become of kod just like the famous
0	diane feinstein maxine water hillary clinton every member of antifa i 'm sure the demonratic party could provide more example but you 're smarter than me in this realm . # redtsunami # buryblue # startvettingsenators # startvettingcongressmen
1	why are you telling them to not do this ? i encourage antifa shit to try this and get dropped . le of them the better .
0	hi they know kavenaugh in =liberals out for 30 year . no one want to mention this . it big . you should send it out to your 'tree ' . i 've been away and do n't have many follower . could stir up a 'kick-back ' , might make a difference . principal 's rock solid . please retweet ''
1	doubling down wa absolutely stupid . you never double down on a pair of eight !
1	4 out of 10 british people are basically full-on racist . 4 out of 10 voter vote for the conservative . coincidence ! ? ? ? ! ? ? ?
0	we the people not you the poitician
1	if i die from him again i might say fuck him and his armor and leave it there in his crypt and never go back lol
0	fash '' & lt ; that 's a give away phrase for # antifa type , the genuine fascist who want to close down free speech . this [ ex- ] muslim nail the apologist who are really just providing cover for radical islam . url
0	i 've already listened to it like 5 time it 's so fucking well made
0	too bad the are funding it or it would tank by economic law .
1	idk what to think about her ... but with her eye like they r ... she is naturally bugging out all the time ... which is untrustworthy
0	1 ) trump never received any contribution from over sea . 2 ) obama received over a million but you said nothing . # fact you should delete your twitter propaganda . then get help for trump derangement syndrome . you are the swamp . # hardball # tucker url
1	according to a student that spoke under condition of anonymity , the furniture in johnson hall ha been replaced by even shittier couch . '' # seuday ''
0	false
1	and guy like you are the fat yokel .
0	:00000 where on fb ? ? ?
0	and no one is attacking trump supporter at large '' ever heard of antifa ? i thought you were leaving long ago anyway ? why are you still wasting my time ? ''
0	how far are you prepared to take this roger ? i gather that this is a new antifa style ‘ hungerless hunger strike ’ would you consider actually not eating anything ?
0	trump ha n't given up anything . he is profiting from his office and basking in the power and attention .
0	limousine liberal .
1	there are many dumb argument for gun control but this may be the dumbest and most common .
0	only liberal would find this exceptable . unless done to them and then let the tear begin that they are being hunted .
1	disgusting of the dallas pd to try and find any reason to try and drag this man through the mud just say they can save one of their own when she is 100 % in the wrong
0	i 'd rather not make jrm pm ...
0	no he can ’ t because loss of service time during suspension he is subject to waiver
0	all you need to know about the importance of the midterm
0	putting face to the deep state james o'keefe of announces deep state investigation at the gateway eagle forum . fantastic ! looking forward to this # conspiracynomore # patriotswin # trumptreason # thetruthshallsetusfree # maga # wwg1wga url
1	. call you an intellectual prostitute '' because he know that you are smarter and more intellectual than he . ''
0	do n't shame your entire country .. you are not mad !
0	thank you moe ! # maga # trumptrainportal url
0	fear monger . fake rage .
1	he is phony and opportunist . look at the million he is making out of gullible people . let see if he donates million he ha to help his hometown . oh well it people ’ s money they use . their money is untouchable
0	# diannefeinstein prof what 2nd amendment supporter have long known about gun control law url url
0	i am calling people that hate antifa fascist . anti-fascism ! what do you call the opposition to anti-fascism ?
0	oh he ’ s getting louder !
1	you were made a fooln of last night by kavanaugh so like a spiteful child seeking attention youngo on your wide eyed rant . you are an embarrassment to the chamber and this country
0	this is what is driving conservative crazy . a gop that wo n't stand against a dirty liberal mob . # wakeupstandupspeakup
0	yes url
1	you are hilarious ! you keep defending that woman . i have watched her for over 20 year and she is a liar and a hypocrite and an obstructionist . i like my crumb '' . she need people like you to support her though . ''
1	i 'm convinced that there 's a hell of a lot more liberal of the type that a conservative could have a real conversation with and vice versa than either would admit . the whack job commie scare the shit out of everybody . it 's about time we started talking .
0	can you even imagine being a loser , '' said lil ' antifa . ''
0	30+ year a a judge ... 6 extensive background ... not a peep ... link to trump ... boom ... do conservative only rape liberal ? ? ? url
0	that 's always been the critique to be honest -- hence the champagne socialist '' or `` privileged white antifa '' trope ''
1	gun control kill 3 more people .
1	oh shit you were n't joking ... wtf
0	she is trying hard to keep a righteous spirit .
0	you ’ ve been selected by liberal ! are you cheating on your voter . you should have changed your mind before the election ms. alleslev
1	every day her iq get lower and lower more wan na be nazi barbie is going to be a pile of maga goo on the bottom of the set soon enough .
1	the left doesn ’ t care . they victimize woman and minority for political gain . same story different democrat . # libtards # walkaway # maga
0	and yet i see daily antifa doxing without any suspension whatsoever . not to mention cnn doxxing and threatening a meme creator . url
1	# idiotalert gun control activist david hogg suggested ar-15s can not be used for self-defense because they shoot further than handgun . url
0	that is to say i wa aware it wasn ’ t written for me . that ’ s ok though . you can tell that she really love the housewife culture she is writing about . imagine shirley jackson without the misanthropy .
0	she said she is half eastern orthodox ... so i dunno ... an opportunity to educate myself
1	his mouth go to one side all smirky and shit and i don ’ t like it .
1	i do n't have anymore excuse me what the fuck '' meme . ''
0	also yes he . is
0	not sure bout antifa but his notion of an open society wa informed by his mentor karl popper this motivates him to be anti-border and anti-nationalism which is fine he 's allowed try shape the world his way a long a his core philosophy is n't incorrect which it is
0	bitter barack love a free press a long a they were on his band wagon .
0	buh buh snowflake
0	i think they meant to write michael .
0	sshh she is lying
1	may a well ignore her since all we are doing is giving her the attention she so craves . she wa such an adorable child ..... but she never had a good enough body for nude love scene so now she is searching for the attention she desire with bovine fecal post .
1	yes they are stupid , everyone know that he is a bachelor '' ''
0	glad to hear you are ok. my father went through surgery for bladder cancer last year and is now in remission at age of 88. year of exposure to lacquer fume while spraying and staining cabinet may have contributed to his occurrance .
0	i understand that .. but she ha 4 child and she is mad because she and her 7 week old were asked to leave a book club meeting at 9:00 ... obviously someone wa with her other child at home so why bring the baby
1	investigation reveals it is highly probable it is an isi attack . worst case scenario a joint isis-antifa attack
1	talk about a kangaroo court ! is this what you liberal want ? one person 's word able to destroy another person 's life with nothing to back it up . if so you 're sick .
0	you don ’ t know squat about obama . second you say we are not safe because of obama ? wrong ! you think were safe to an individual who fight gun control ? how many shooting have there been since trump got into office ? explain that !
1	you are an embarrassing citizen ! !
1	awful
1	antifa is much much smaller than white supremacist in america and responsible for a fraction of the violence . also nazi 's are bad ! ! !
0	leader must do much more on gun control overall . protect our young people .
0	the # metoo movement ha turned out just the way black life matter and antifa turned out . started out a a worthy cause and then ruined by a bunch of bandwagonists . more harm than good .
1	can we start shooting the blue thug ? then going through their shit and saying thats why they died ? cuz this is fucking infuriating . wtf doe it matter there is pot in his home . what is in her home ? ! she is the guilty one not him .
1	what are you doing jeff ? do you think following in mccain 's footstep is a good idea ? you will be known a a traitor too . walk away from the demonrats resistance party liberal evilness . confirm kavanaugh .
1	he ’ s a nut job and to republican thinking he will support your “ let kid be murdered in school ” policy he say emma gonzalez is his idol who is a gun control advocate so don ’ t be fooled unless you want liberal policy . ( personally i do but what the hell )
1	bullshit . people died because of an incompetent government in puerto rico . and you can start with that mayor . stop lying gutierrez .
1	poor baby . this is why you and your entire network can not be trusted . the only people still watching cnn are brainwashed liberal and demonrats . url
0	you are all set ! i have sent an email to your gmail account to indicate the update . have a great day ! * hjf
0	a little bigger than i like . she need to join chubby chaser tour
1	. and liberal think gun are the problem ? url
0	exactly my thought . she is always a sweetie when she ’ s coddled . her true character exposed a an athlete is revealed in time a this . she ’ s not a role model or a legend .
1	look in the mirror lefty ! no bigger bully than antifa and progressive leftist trying to “ get in the face ” of the right
1	the metoo movement is just an extension of the democrat kkk & amp ; the hate group antifa , it 's just another form of lynching those who oppose their agenda . metoo people jump on ban wagon , in the name of justice '' to perpetuate mass bullying of those who threaten to expose them ''
1	we get shit transported from africa nigga told me they seen venomous snake iguana a beetle the size of a car tire lmaoooo all kind of shit
0	he is
1	right ... disgusting ! i can ’ t tell if these acc is a man or woman but he/she is sick .
1	you are a member of 40 year aren ’ t you ? surely that mean he abused you ? i mean i know you don ’ t understand idiom but this is next level ignorance
0	i heard bert and ernie are merely ally and active in antifa . friendship is a luxury of the oppressor .
0	sexual assault should disqualify a nomination . ask yourself this why did n't they ask him any question about this in private or public hearing . the accuser had posting on facebook about stopping conservative and trump . why do dems still trot out bill clinton
0	lmao cry me a river you schmuck ! we had to put up with ovomit for 8 long year ! we kept our mouth shut and put our nose to the grind wheel ! ! ! ! ! we didn ’ t riot and cry ! ! ! grow up !
1	bbc stop with your blatant and biassed backing of the conservative . theresa may did n't hit back she wa out on her foot and her response were scripted , robotic to say the least . she is the worst '' leader along with the worst government the country ha ever had . ''
0	not one democrat give a shit about if this is true or not . it 's all about not wanting conservative in a life seat .
1	look like he is in the middle of shitting his pant . must have ate one booger too many .
0	but we can do better . a evidenced by the giffords law center study on gun control versus gun death . url url
0	# libdems also have a share without their support # conservative would never have got # austerity through . all for the price of plastic bag . url
1	god did not appoint trump . the devil appointed him and i will make sure i do my part to make sure he doe n't get reelected by voting . he is no pious man and definitely not even spiritual . he 's the scum of this earth .
0	she is my favorite person
0	we are most definitely better off now than under the previous administration .. i still believe most sane people will vote with their head and wallet . there are many closet republican who when the chip are down will # voteredtosaveamerica and ignore the msm . # kag2018 # maga url
0	that 's the biggest worry never seen such attack on the press i will say it until i am blue in the face if we lose the freedom of the press we all lose if you repeat a lie long enough people will believe it keep on doing what you are doing do n't let them win
0	are you kidding this is the liberal good show
1	complaining about sp 's comment and blame the medium for him ( spath ) feeling a certain way and not actually reading an article . basically saying shea doe n't know shit and basically he should shut his mouth .
1	republican constantly tell u about respecting law enforcement but ignore their judgment on gun control
0	. is her own person . she is not a copycat . # nvsen url
0	gd i thought he lost his voice ?
0	3 ) i will always defend the 2nd . but not the nra who when i 1st joined wa about promoting & amp ; educating gun owner & amp ; the public about gun . no hypocrisy here amy well except maybe on your part . fyi i know a lot of liberal that a member of the nra . i do n't always agree with them
1	maybe antifa asshats ? those who physically assault others for their political belief ? democrat are no saint and neither are you !
0	it go both way . if i do n't agree with you , you 're just bitching . '' about the red x. url
0	you are that special case that get away with introducing an innocent child ( you own ) to hate . bravo
0	she is 18
0	followed all new - maga . please follow back .
0	i still get this half my work day and all i do is sit on my computer in bed lmao
0	liberal do n't appreciate your sarcasm . they thought you were on their side .
0	never . stop . winning . # qanon # maga # wwg1wga # winning url
0	are you going to become an antifa fighter now
1	then your gon na get bitten
0	good morning . you are welcome .
0	now is the time to begin scheduling sunday college football game ! you can push these america-phobes and police hater right off the rating cliff ! # ncaaonsundays ! !
1	i breatge in kpop stan u nigger
0	# maga # patriot # qanon # walkaway # wwg1wga # godsarmy # thegreatawakening # jesuslives # catchtheredwave # votered me too ! all aboard the # trumptrain url
0	. - thank you to everyone who ha supported me through this difficult time . i can ’ t express eloquently enough what your kindness ha meant to my family and me . here are my thought on threat against conservative and what is at stake . '' url
0	do n't really need to try and out virtue signal the liberal . not wasting taxpayer dollar on foriegn invader is enough of an argument .
0	the idea that his 20 year old dwi should somehow exclude him from the gun control debate is just ... ... i don ’ t know . what is it exactly ?
1	oh shit .
0	happy birthday sweetie ! ! ! hope your day is a awesome a you are ! ! !
0	thanks in advance for the follow back
0	# wethepeople do not want any gun control legislation . it is against the constitution .
0	give that man a shovel !
0	liberal were holding that info in case president trump declassified the fisa document . they are fighting fire with fire !
0	those are some lucky people on tulsa ! : ) saw this and needed to share with a fellow fan of levi 's jean . yet another reason to love our levi 's ! url
0	he is url
0	* da na na na * you found josh 's sex life .
0	she is real rocky oh my god ! !
0	thought and prayer do n't work . we need sensible gun control legislation .
0	of course . self defense . the well-known standing someone else 's ground '' rule . she wa the only one armed , the one entering his property , the one starting the interaction , how the actual fuck is it self defense ? seriously dude , do n't you have a cross to burn or something ? ''
0	my heart and prayer go out to the parent and staff of the blossomwood elementary school shooting in huntsville . several injury have been reported but we have to get a grip on gun control . this is a problem
0	the real gun control issue . url
1	why would he order cohen to print more money ? it 's amazing how bad you are at this . or are you just dishonest and purposefully spreading fake news ?
0	ah ... but are n't the railway so much better now they 've been privatised by the url
1	no people died because official robbed n did n't do their job
1	people died in puerto rico because of their government ’ s corruption ! ! ! !
0	not crazy but given she is my wife i feel unqualified to give an unbiased answer lol
1	finally holy shit you are finally reading the goat
1	who talk shit on buff chicken dip dude it ’ s buff chicken dip
1	ain ’ t no pussy good enough to get broke while i ’ m in it
1	you are a disgrace go home you are not the president anymore . you are breaking tradition of the former president stepping aside . this is no longer obama ’ s country this country belongs to we the people not your sheeple # maga
1	it ’ s unwatchable . i am careful surfing around to make sure i never stop even by accident on that bloody awful channel !
1	how many car window did you smash today while wearing a pussy hat ? you anti-american antifa fucktards are a pathetic waste of life . we will slap you down at the ballot box once again . url
0	i bet she think you liberal abused here when you told her it wa just an op ed not a photo shoot .
0	and this from ... california # maga url
1	she don ’ t even wear the shit i buy her now . move away from me .
0	smudge is definitely # teamdanny ! here she is spreading the word ! url
1	she should start kneeling before match and talk about how oppressed she is . it getting deep in america with all the b the liberal nut are throwing up
1	how funny ... # wnba championship winner wo n't visit stupidity of liberal is so amazing ... and that face with the plastic stupidity prof it ... oh ... right ... she might harm her little face ... whats next ... complete body armor ...
0	correct me if i ` m wrong wasn ` t she playing a woman ? ? ? who wa also a minority who wa asian . the way she is talking she play a man .
0	# maga deep state video exposed : url
1	the reason you don ’ t have a wife is because you are an as .
0	you are beautiful url
1	the liberal will use whatever label they can to discredit people who disagree and/or are a threat to their agenda .
1	because he is a scummy human being .
0	t1960 set 24 year before t1 in 1960 texas t-800 with no skin sent to kill sarah ’ s parent on their isolated farm b4 she is born sara dad played by arnie fight t800 n win but while holding defeated t800 get sucked to the future - explains why t800 r modeled after arnie look
1	hope all is well . thats so fucked . like seriously what the fuck is wrong with ppl now . gun control is no issue though right . thank god i live in canada . feel brutal for all the attack in the u.s.a but seriously it wo n't go away .
0	have you noticed how racist the medium is they only show the black player kneeling and no one every complains about that ?
0	attention ! is publicizing an antifa target list comprised of trump supporter ' name . some are high profile name and many are random everyday trump supporter . twitter ha not suspended his account . check out his list '' . ''
0	gun control doesn ’ t correlate with safety . it ’ s these fact you should take some time to ponder . url
1	maybe stop attacking conservative and you might find they don ’ t retaliate .
1	dick durbin figure if he lie often enough people will start to believe him . right out of leftist dictatorship playbook .
0	you prob not gon na answer but a worth a shot can y ’ all fix the glare
0	ad 1745 : jacobite rising of bonnie prince charlie
0	# illegalaliens do n't get # constitutional right url # tcot # americafirst # sanctuarycities # conservative # law # lawyer # thewall # trumpwall # wall
0	gun control is not the answer .
0	gun control anyone ? # disarmhate
0	that ’ s all i ever ask for tho
0	so pretty yet so naive . great actress though . everything she said wa not of american value and wa against freedom of the american people . gun control doesnt work . just look at chicago .
0	# tbt that time when gave u a shout-out on their blog & amp ; we felt like the coolest kid in town . from # ncdd.org blog : creating a welcoming environment with # conservative with the village square - # revivecivility # tothevillagesquare url
1	she is a republican hypocrite !
0	# guncontrol advocate must stop falling all over themselves to assure electorate that they too love the horrific 2a url
0	you are no christian
0	so the ndp and liberal are the same because they are both left ? they are two way different party . for example ndp is way more socialist than the liberal and lean way more left .
1	no one is mistreating her but you are all mistreating kavanaugh . this man may be innocent but you liberal are jumping on this just because you hate trump . so you all do the right thing and after 36 year it 's her word against his so there is no contest .
1	just like a plantation , white liberal have black people under their thumb and any black person that try to get out from under their old order '' is considered one of them uppity negro , too smart fer his britches . they get all the other good lil negro to teach em a lesson . ''
1	at this point in time ... i do n't think pres . trump give a sh * t ... and neither do i ! lol url
0	wth ? ? ? what happened to gun control ? ? ?
1	he 's a crook # trumptime url
0	then what is gun control ?
0	avoid this movie- un american .
0	oh my god
0	schiff- you are the swamp .
1	v antifa . i know who my money ’ s on . but seriously this is such a stupid thing to do . url
1	if it doesn ’ t have m & amp ; m ’ s it ’ s not trail mix . you are kicking as and doing awesome . keep it up ! ! !
0	# liberal ruin everything . url
0	4. foot in the country and have no sense or feel for what is happening on the ground ( except from watching telegram and twitter ) is like watching football on tv and claiming you understand what the player are going through physically a you are sitting on the couch eating chip
0	there you are !
0	thank you . america is respected again ! # maga # kag2018 # voteredtosaveamerica
0	do you have run support data ? i ’ m guessing nola ha gotten more . everything equal i go with win but his season is just so good i think he is the exception .
0	-- -- -- -- & gt ; the american revolution would never have happened with gun control . # usconstitution
0	i am a democrat . many do . i believe in gun control . gun safety . but i believe in the 2nd amendment
0	juan williams just called diamond and silk a minstrel show . you know what to do !
1	any day you free i ’ m dead as serious an don ’ t call me talking about come get him cause imma block yo as
0	* christian kabasele reveals the secret behind watford 's perfect start to the premier league season : bean are banned at watford 's training ground so christian kabasele spill the avocado and quinoa . he is is intelligent .. . url url
0	unfortunately you 're right . keep it real . she is the assault weapon !
0	i got on and saw only 5 rating . where 's the one you posted ? are you having internet connection problem ? is the # deepstate on to you too ?
0	just prof she 's a plant . motivation is crystal clear . definite bias . your definition of far right is interesting since it 's been proven time and again liberal play the smear campaign each time . accuser then disappear .
0	these thing happen from time time . likely to be antifa or a group like that causing trouble a they have nothing better to do
0	report reaching you ? but you tweeted earlier that you are at the kaduna stadium
0	i hope he is safe
0	she is correct . corbyn and mcdonald would be just like the old glc under j mc .
1	it amazing that these demorats are elected to any public office ! their total disregard of the u constitution and due process is abhorrent . they hung this woman out to dry and the woman refuse to come foward and it the conservative fault
0	we have a different opinion of what a better '' gun control law look like . in one case an illegal alien with no right to be here is involved . in the other case american have 2a right . can u tell the difference between american right & amp ; illegal alien ? ''
0	there already is gun control tho ...
0	agree 100 % jay no wonder fbi back burnered it english appears to be second language high school @ below average use . also brought attention to being a citizen ? contradicted information throughout high school '' & amp ; `` the attack '' it ca n't be both . ford=university=soros=antifa=bull ''
0	guess you are going to ignore what karmys are asking ...
0	there she is ... url
0	boycott the nfl
0	elizabeth warren fundraises off sexual misconduct allegation against kavanaugh url via
0	keep up the great work cory ! you are today ’ s hero . not the op-ed author who should have invoked the 25th .
1	guy if you ca n't explain yourself after a day that 's a good indication youre talking shit
0	... or that he is merely a 'legacy colonel ' '' url
1	only sucker are paying $ 40 for early access to a game they 'll hate in a week
0	president trump ha an announcement to make : # donaldtrump # maga # metoo url
1	i wonder if antifa will be rioting in the street after they find out how corrupt the government is
1	what ha awaken so many woman in this country is the asinine over the top stupidity of liberal today ! !
0	she is a courage patriot
0	globalization threatens nationality causing the alt right concern about destroyed value that keep u unified like the ten commandment and the constitution . then we have the alt left demanding their mini bolshevik indoctrination to oppress everyone and start a war . let god be
1	i hope that entire police department get shut the f * ck down ! obviously you all feel like you 're above the law.obviously you are incapable of holding your own accountable for breaking the law.obviously you undermine everything a police officer & amp ; dept are supposed to be/do . shameful !
1	still canny get er somecunt in maga telling u no to go into banana co french boy were spiking folk drink & amp ; kerr turn round n shout fuck it free dunt
1	boop police department freeze oh shit she is too cute open boopboopboop url
0	exactly . from what he is describing it is like two step forward and three step back .
0	and i do disagree with moffats philosophy behind the doctor not liking ending . i also dont think it impossible to say that both thing are true : the impact of claras death is undercut and there is a lesson for the doctor . clara is a much ready to die a she is to keep on going
0	here ’ s our response to antifa don ’ t you ever ask our family for donation to # antifa ever again ! ! ! url
0	( r ) marsha blackburn and martha mcsally are going to be just fine in their senate race in arizona and tennessee . don ’ t believe the # fakenews supression poll ! # maga # trump # redwave # midterm
0	idk by comparison he is the least liked or atleast that 's what i 've seen but hey i 'm probably wrong
1	fuck em
0	everything is more intense when grieving . grief started for me a a child . so i totally get it . many of your cyber friend got your back . again every thing will more intense . she is beautiful .
0	you are battling with what you feel
0	speaking of fate baby . i hate nina fate and that she is in feh . honestly i do n't get bitter about people being added . but she reminds me of a real life experience and it hit close to home
1	impeach trump and # maga
0	conservative are not his fan base have not been forever ! ! ! ! ! just trying to take out # beto support and this is b ! ! !
0	hi i love youuuuuu . i hope you are doing okay right now ariana . i lovee youuuu
0	people do n't seem to know about these organization or understand their scheme . it 's anti-freedom tuition fee and antifa piggy bank . need more people to denounce it and make student aware of it so they can vote to stop funding them .
0	but she is under 18 it is still considered a child porn no matter the legal age
1	1. this is a local fox station not the national fox news broadcast . 2. if you ’ d follow anyone outside your liberal bubble you would know the vast majority of conservative are outraged by this too . url
1	be quiet shedevil url
0	bring back janet yellen . she is the author of low prime rate and stable growth & amp ; income .
0	oh stop . u r only defending him because u r both conservative . if i liberal had been accused u would believe the woman right away . go yell at someone in a toll booth and spare u all please .
0	wishing you even more success in the future brave you are really a true ambassador of pakistan . bless you thank you .
0	and there i wa thinking i could n't like you any more than i already did ... brilliant .
0	because he is not important
0	don ’ t perpetuate colonialism . if you are going to talk about # puertorico you must have puerto ricans in the panel ! jeezuz.fucking.christ ! how difficult can that be ? # diásporaenresistencia url
0	i love donald trump our president of the usa .. maga ..
1	democrat only care about this crap when it furthers their mission : to destroy conservative .
0	he ’ s not responsible for that . he is responsible for his decision not to medically evacuate .
1	the scary super experienced knowledgeable member of antifa is no match for ! # sarcasm serious question is why the left leader manipulate the unintelligent inexperienced youth group it ’ s form of taking advantage abuse of the unwary weak url
0	you 'll be lucky . he 'll be hiding from his constituent in hull or some other lesser known part of rossendale and darwen .
0	antifa wannabe
0	arrest everyone of them ! we should be doing the same to antifa when they block road !
0	angelina is so funny at rhe wrong time imngonna shoot this bitch uppdoals
0	i think he is hurt
0	a blue wave of hysterical violence # bluewaveofviolence
1	god damn you ’ re so fucking valid
1	these conservative are selfish and self serving . this isn ’ t the “ trudeau plan ” . the liberal are working with conservative like mulroney and ambrose to solve this . it ’ s not a partisan issue .
1	not a conservative . antifa is a left wing terror group that us fascist tactic and violence to silence opposing view . they are no different than the “ sturmabteilung ” brown shirt . thug . url
0	thank you
1	fuckkk i know i seen bitch that ’ s a slapper lmao
1	she is so stupid it scare u average american that she make decision on our behalf
1	ajsjjsjdkkdjdk i want him so much he ’ d literally tell me to die and i ’ d obey him
0	voting is not optional ! ! ! certainly not this novemeber…it is critical ! like & amp ; share if you agree ! # mustvote2018 # republican # wakeuprepublicans # conservative # maga url
0	funny . she had no problem sleeping her way into congress .
1	funny human right he is pro abortion that settle it he lie pacified deceives playboy
0	# warriorscoach fundraising for gun control brady pac # pacgoldenstatewarriors # stevekerr # headcoach url url
0	canada stand behind and his government negotiation with the pseudo dictator weak conservative a usual . no backbone .
0	she is cute i lov her
0	* hug milo * he is mine now and you can not have him back . & gt ; . & gt ;
0	he is untreatable
0	house price increase ha nothing to do with immigration . the lack of affordable housing is mainly down to this government not building any and the inflated price are down to the bank and their lending practice . url
1	love her ! ! she is a badass !
0	you are out of order today fam lmfao
0	conservative are notoriously gullible . i use wanted to make sure you knew .
0	and you can see how close he is to tear . i know how hard it is to lose an old friend . they 're irreplaceable .
1	i hope so . that tana girl fuck anything lol
0	the no gun zone '' is still having trouble . by all mean , gun control is the answer ! lol ''
0	you are your daddy 's first mistake .
0	amazing what liberal can dig up when they ’ re desperate ! url
1	rae si do n't say no offense '' then like tweet calling me a sad bitch , also im truly shocked ur on the l6 train this year ''
0	george soros antifa people ! url
1	see a he thick . a bad bitch .
1	did you watch the music video for jacket hrgggg i love hank 's dumb as
0	this y ’ all king ? # maga url
1	he probably get paid to say that ... with $ $ and assurance that he wo n't be called an islamophobe -- -pfffft it 's a fake word -- justin is an idiot and he is destroying canada one refugee at a time
0	if they do n't change course the tory are going to be toast at the next general election . they do not want to go the way of the canadian conservative in 1993 who went from being in power with 156 seat to just 2 seat ! url url
0	he ha never gave any information or said anything that ended up being true . most likely cause if he is producing w them he ’ s not allowed to share info
0	it 's hard to say for sure because the thing wa sooooooooo dark . almost like dc ha n't learned a damn thing from their disastrous run of film .
0	if you are the type of iphone user who love taking picture etc then go for the 256gb
1	the institution only let her tweet when she behaves . she is a window licker ! ! ! !
0	of course anthony
0	i follow all these maga patriot n got a couple new one toops tweeeeeetrrrr i don ’ t like u hiding these n making it hard to see these train to follw url
0	he need to go just a joe p did
1	like if you didn ’ t get fired from espn
0	great tweet ! please retweet ! # patriot # deplorables # walkawayfromdemocrats # backtheblue # rapistdemocrats # frauddemocrats # maga url
0	deep state coup not working ?
0	i remember when the game just fucking started .
0	best not stray off message . we need to be using every death to blame gun and push for gun control . talking about actual cause distracts from that . # gunsense
1	good democracy is overrated . read han hermann hoppe- democracy : the god that failed
0	me too .. he is a genius
0	people will get it regardless of the wall . kind like gun control argument .
1	are you bipolar ? you keep saying different shit to people commenting on what u said
0	what you are doing is so moving and i appreciate everyone !
0	ready for this red tsunami
0	i blame for inciting violence and she should be held accountable ! she is a despicable disgrace .
0	conservative like shapiro think everyone 's cognitive functionality is structured like theirs : rules-based . nope . it is especially true for non-conservatives that most people think results/goals-based and * not * rules-based . so they ca n't contend with rule-breakers .
0	i guess it ’ s time to get divorced just so we can keep more income . how silly is that . liberal have no clue . make it so all canadian can benefit not just divorced couple . # whatareyouthinking ?
0	i do n't think he is
1	followed & amp ; retweeted all these awesome maga patriot ! we must get fired up & amp ; get all our people out to vote in november or we will all be in for so much lawlessness the dems are planning on bringing impeachment proceeding even though there are no impeachable offense committed
0	what a start to the week for our adult krav maga class ! ! keep up the awesome work guy . it is a pleasure see old face coming back to training and many of you utilising the new timetable see you in class the elite team
0	oh dear . i ’ m so sorry you are having migraine . i have them a well . sending up prayer for you .
0	what would you trade for jimmy mcbuckets ? we know he is a big westbrook fan
1	after listening to your well thought out argument on gun control i would like to respond to your key point with my counter argument . i do n't like your gas .
0	b maybe the unemployed and those loving on the government it
0	did u c the smile on that kid face afterwards ? .... wa beautiful .... # maga
0	# guncontrolnow is running a hit piece on the cmp . the cmp teach gun safety to young people , promotes responsible gun ownership , and doe n't sell any of the so-called assault weapon '' banner are targeting . are we clear on what gun control is ? url
1	how to develop their competitive skill and social skill in home schooling ... a my child too complain abt bullying and unjust behaviour of teacher since she is super active ...
0	my dad didn ’ t die so anyone could disrespect the fabric & amp ; country he fought4 . our flag & amp ; country are inseparable both defended with human blood & amp ; those who disrespect the flag disrespect the country ! you are to defend the flag & amp ; the country you served under & amp ; took oath 2defend .
1	bitch if u don ’ t message him
0	here ’ s some more of what my opponent is “ resisting. ” are you better off today than you were 2 year ago ? # nj12 # maga # walkaway url
0	senseless gun control now ! vote blue and end this american nightmare .
1	it ’ s like that mother with the spoiled rotten bad a heck kid . she still love that brat and when bad thing happen to him because he is a brat and deserves it-she still sympathizes with her child . norm should realize when your livelihood depends on ....
1	oh yes . he is a coward .
1	what the fuck
0	stricter gun control law will only be enforced by people with gun .
0	liberal have compassion only for non american .
1	i knew you weren ’ t a real republican committed to your party ! ! ! ! you need to leave . get out now ! ! you are a disgrace to every republican/conservative member who work towards solution and doe not constantly diminish the potus ! ! ! quit already .
1	# republican moral are stronger than # democrat # liberal evidenced by trying to stop liberal from aborting themselves out of existence it 's the right thing to do even though letting them kill off their young so natural selection would win would benefit u more # maga # kag ''
0	ngl it look good but the pineapple is pissing me offf
1	lol . it ’ s funny how you assumed i only have those qualification . typical black tweep . when they are losing a debate they assume the other party is lower than them . “ that ’ s why you are broke. ” “ stay there with your debt. ” yet they ’ ve never met the person .
1	this is not a new tactic for the left .. this is actually their go to tactic they have used throughout the decade . this is a playbook right out the nazi-socialist playbook .. the democratic socialist are today 's neo-nazis . aka antifa . # thegreatawakening # maga # qanon
1	no real american would watch this crap
1	got ta give him credit where it due he may not be a mason but he is out there competing his as off
0	yes ... she is
0	he is showing way to others ... he is a great leader who will be in front line for sacrifice
1	kate , gun safety '' is just a code word for gun control . there is n't anything `` safe '' about gun control . it just limit law abiding citizen . law breaker ignore all law . wake up ! you folk in mn need to get off the liberal wagon . vote for patriot only ... vote red ! ``
0	and here we have another demonstration that gun free zone don ’ t work . brought to you by a liberal who more than likely support stricter gun control .
1	a huge fuck up on my part .
0	good luck
0	he is the poster child for the gop
1	end of story . where is the lying liberal witness
0	wow ... the best ppl i am connecting with ... # maga .. # kag ... thanks to all of you ... xoxo
1	cause you sweet lil nigga
0	after hisself is committed somewhere .
1	if the reason for farakans illegal value are because he is black or muslim , that would be a reason to detest him . i believe his illegal value are simply a result of bad character , like his supporter ! ''
1	yeah . nigga who dey wear durag nor dey joke . hard a fuck
0	and we i will salute jim carey by boycotting his movie and medium !
0	love it trump wanted to do something liberal and democrat just talk and have hearing
0	no worry ! thank you for responding can i ask you a question i find it very interesting ? can you tell me why you are an atheist i 'm just curious .
1	# leftist and # commie in the # usa are going to get a little bit riled up me think ? ! # maga # mbga # mcga # socialist # lefty # conservative # patriot # mega # trump # democrat # republican url
1	we are so glad we don ’ t know anyone like those miscreant . pitiful bunch .
0	that ’ s why we had such a $ h1t evonomy under him . ‘ malaise ’ not maga
0	if your party ever want to be taken seriously they need to call off & amp ; defund violent liberal antifa with their kkk hood beating up stranger they know nothing about . either you care about human life & amp ; all these cause or you have people beat up . you ca n't have it both way .
0	this what ’ s the matter with # hollywood and # liberal
0	where can we see where you stand on the issue ? border wall ? gun control ? abortion ? if you will support president trump and his agenda ?
0	here are the people '' who `` hold you up '' and who you hold up . 1st photo they are beating a republican korean war vet . 2nd & amp ; 3rd photo antifa is beating minority , lgbt and kid because they are conservative . the left , your left is all about shutting down free speech ! url
0	i bet more gun control is your answer .
0	he is mocking non-victims claiming victim hood .
0	this is what happens when you allow employee to destroy your brand . american will never choose football over our flag . always stand
1	i turn the tv off when juan speaks . he is a real sicko .
0	stay safe you are an inspiration to me . and practice those kung fu skill if they ever show up again : )
0	when liberal and trump hater leak bit of classified intel it 's patriotic and the right thing to do . '' when presidnet trump order that entire document be declassified to the country it dangerous and potentially harmful right ? you hypocrite are pathetic . ''
0	where is integrity in any of these trump hating agency . justice only work for liberal .
0	you are amazing ! hope you have an incredible future . thank you for your contribution to this community
1	i thought it wa because you were n't very funny and lacked in talent a a comedian .
0	and here we go ! ! !
1	20 crazy thing liberal blame trump for '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	it what the liberal do . make stuff up and throw it at the wall and see if anything stick . too bad they didnt care about the accusation with credible evidence against slick willie clinton
0	you are on the wrong side of gun control but then you already knew that .
1	today collins is back with another excuse to vote yes . it 's all disgusting . every gop rep can see what he is . they wo n't stop working against the common man .
0	foolhardy ... think of the institution ... the court need to stand athwart public opinion [ a it did in dred scott , plessy v. ferguson , cumming v. board of ed , plus a few late-in-our-history decision that liberal think were `` revolutionary '' even if they were 100 yr late ] ''
0	if he is lucky
1	this is ridiculous . she is going to have to vote for him at this point or it will be apparent she accepts bribe .
1	she is a true idiot ! ! really scary people will vote her to dc in november ! ! !
1	u nasty bitch
0	you are right . victoria is on the reverse ...
0	you ’ re just a far away behind the goal at hampden than you are at wembley . there ’ s a lot of greeting faced people up here
0	but thats ok only dems and liberal can do that dont you know that
1	.⁦ is pledging more than $ 1 million to support nonprofit and youth activist working to end gun violence . they ’ re also partnering with michael bloomberg to help create a coalition of business leader who support gun control measure . url
0	don ’ t believe that .
1	amazing how much money is being thrown at this guy by liberal freaking out . beto epitomizes everything that is wrong in america . vote cruz !
0	he is german he play for club fcb ssshhhhhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit
0	this is what a 'higher ' education buy you for $ 300,000 ! that 's why they call it liberal art '' # saveamericafromdemocrats # voteredtosaveamerica # kag2018 # maga url
0	# parklandkids misappropriated the phrase # neveragain in order to do exactly the opposite of what it originally stood for . url
0	this is absolutely unbelievable . so these protest and mob are run out of the state dept. ? ? ? how about antifa ? ? no wonder they all wear mask . probably govt . employee using their pto 's . it would explain how so many people can show up anywhere on a weekday .
0	amazon is investigating chinese employee who are selling internal data to third-party seller looking for an edge in the competitive marketplace . url # amazon # maga # kag # china # tcot
0	picture of # antifa protest : url
0	all this is common sense a long a you are n't throwing bottle and m80 's at civilian like all the dumbass at antifa protest . '' the whole `` violence is sometimes necessary , '' idea that antifa and blm and communist spread , is retarded y'all ... you 're kill civilian dummy ... ''
1	you realize how useless your argument is ? if you drunk drive you get arrested . you 're punished . if you kill someone while drunk driving that is murder . there are rule and regulation and safety precaution for both drinking and owning and operating a vehicle . we need gun control
1	nah my foodie as will gladly say it . that work on absolutely no one 's fucking palate .
1	# westminster # tory # brexiteers # outoftheeu we think not # annasourpuss best for the # uk without a doubt is to # leave with # noeudeal & amp ; just get on forging trade deal & amp ; say to the # eu # fuckeu
0	all one and five dollar bill
0	american have had enough of liberal at espn and the nfl
0	i think maybe we should give another party a try . maybe 'for britian ' ....
1	you are low class asshole . you wear your suit and talk about the 1 % or call u deplorable all while you sit behind your antifa and hate filled lying son of a bitch party and call yourself honorable . at least my pappy would be proud of me for being a man and standing true .
0	hey andrew which problem are specifically the result of justin ’ s action . you don ’ t seem to have any solid info to tweet and you don ’ t read the article you retweet . there aren ’ t enough conservative in this county to get you elected . so you ’ d better start speaking to everyone
0	the fact a liberal cross the floor only indicates that the cpc 's platform is more palatable to leftist than to true conservative . thanks god for maxime bernier .
0	unlike you i 'm not about that life antifa = kkk
1	i call her the negative nellie who life in my brain . i constantly battle with her . she is a creep .
1	america is being destroyed by our president .. he is a cancer to democracy . that is what is sad
0	baekhyun ........ how are you ? ? are you eating well ? ? i 'm inactive these day bcz of my project and assignment . anyway i miss you and you better eat proper meal when r you coming here ? ? i 'm sorry you are busy but i miss you . take your time ok. tata see you later
0	laura ingraham who followed the russian-infiltrated nra 's order to attack parkland victim ( who decided to vociferously advocate gun control ) and who at the time wa vying for kellyanne * gag * conway 's position
0	but we 'll make it through this dark patch . history wo n't repeat itself . the evil of anti-semitism ca n't count on the indifference and complicity that once killed million . the good people of the uk and europe will stand up for each other . you are important here . 2/2
0	have you looked in any antifa recruitment center ? welfare office ? maybe in one of those tent in ca ? just a thought
0	you should take this picture down you destroyed one of my all time favorite comedian/actors url
0	do yourself a favor and watch this there is still time for you to spit that kool aid out and pay attention to what is happening . you right leaning conservative are so brainwashed it is sickening .
0	all business owner are involved in lawsuit on a regular basis . it is whatbour society ha become . liberal constantly looking for a handout .
0	he is why i stopped watching football
0	sound like a plan !
1	people leaving racist comment on my post will be instantly blocked . there are low follow account posting this crap and i think they are trying to make # maga look bad if you are racist in any way feel free to block me because i think you 're an ignorant po
0	he is already on betfair exchange but not on sportbooks .
0	it not that he can not dye the hair the way he want it 's part of the concept they promote using the haircolors from the music video ... all these thing are planned well before hand . and you are leaving the part jin actually say they do n't listen to their company .
0	i think the last thing on the wh or trump 's mind is april ryan . she need to stop flattering herself . she 's not a important a she think she is .
0	excuse you . do you own twitter ? do you have twitter right that no one else doe ? if you continue to viciously attack and name call me - i will continue to respond and defend myself . typical liberal trying to argue all antifa style . guess what ? ! ? you still lose !
0	but you are listening to grandmaster trump
1	you are a dirty cum dumpster
0	why doe everyone else get attacked by antifa type group who never go to jail and also get extreme negative medium coverage that insight the violence . except liblabcon ? why ? # stitchup
0	she is you aren ’ t
1	oh i fucking love latex hmu ifu got q 's ive been using it for year
0	hmm ! maybe we now know why they see such a need for gun control - restraint of _their own_ overly violent tendency .
0	you realize california ha the strictest gun control in the nation right ? or are you just going to ignore that
0	god help every citizen whether they are republican or democrat
1	yeap she is politically a lame duck already dead politically
0	this cant be legal ... right ? # kag # maga url
0	can we have a discussion about sensible gun control law ? i 'm interested in having a discussion about sensible gun control law . hello ? hello ? is this thing on ?
0	yes it doe . she should be made to resign . # maga
0	probably worth noting that the vast majority of the privileged voter '' she is so nauseated by are overwhelmingly seattle liberal ... guess they just are n't pure enough for some ... ''
0	poetic word comrade ... i 'm going to have them printed on t-shirt soon to be available at the antifa store ! ! url
1	funny shit
0	antifa came out of the old german communist party 1932. just history . that 's why they wear mask . url
1	really ? can you show me the study from country that have common sense gun control to support your statement . thx .
0	u said marriage is just a title ..... if u knew u had money to protect u wouldn ’ t see it that way that ’ s why i said that . but if u ain ’ t broke then that statement doesn ’ t include u mista bill gate
0	( so the young conservative you know are also the one who never had the focus to power through order of the phoenix and it too-many page of harry 's teen angst . )
0	eject him from the senate . what rule will he break next time . if you can ’ t follow rule you shouldn ’ t be a senator .
0	i know you 're here , and i do like you , a lot . but he is all i have left and i 'm not going to lose him . not again . '' ''
0	he shouldn ’ t withdraw his name at all because the left ha repeatedly been caught fabricating story just like this to discredit conservative they ’ re proven cheater and lier ’ s .... a liberal professor from california lol
0	right you are ! ! !
0	look like a big group ! way to lean into to # teamtrump # maga url
1	and you ’ re just another twitter asshole . # muted
1	he is not a dalit or a muslim no need to remember
1	yeah no batman made him eat a rat and be wa mostly like yo fuck this guy he not cool he a lunatic until dick also want to get violent
0	he went broke and got propped up by white liberal in hollywood . that ’ s white privilege all day long . stop defending coke head tom arnold .
0	she 's not who she claim she is . that 's the logical ( and humanitarian ) explanation .
0	you are in your fabulous 40 ’ s i ’ d say
0	i don ‘ t know why they can see she is lying they should leave him alone . they need to write an article now when they wanted to write 1 10 month ago . just so you know you make no money with melissa .
0	happy # constitutionday all my maga peep ! a great time to be alive .
1	twitter is becoming tumblr 2013 and i am fucking terrified
0	this is not conservative . what ha happened to our party ? lost the plot .
1	no kim you are a failure and your whole life ha been
0	pssst bono 's as
1	why in the hell would i do that ? the left already hate me enough . black conservative aren ’ t liked in this country . i comment and fight because of that .
0	# doyourjob # dotherightthing -u all know well what a stellar # scotus # judgekavanaugh will b-a documented lifetime of excellence do n't b puppet obstructing who is # maga & amp ; # kag # confirmkavanaughnow # maga # kag
0	mazzone ha convinced him he can play in the nfl if he doe a he is told and act like a good little pocket passer
0	south korean official : “ leader will discus specific denuke measure in pyongyang ” '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	funny- kerry should know ! right ! standing with our president
1	hey samsung on your website you declined me . 2 time for credit i can afford your phone without your as this is my second one maybe next time even though i hate iphone i 'll buy iphone so screw you
1	a clear a the mud ukgov are dumping off swansea . corbyn offer no solution & amp ; no answer ... being non-committal on everything & amp ; hoping 'not being the conservative ' will get him elected . westminster politics & amp ; government have degenerated so much it no longer fit for purpose .
0	you are welcome to join u in our slack room for the community gardening . url
0	i ’ d love to see an alan moore takedown of ev . only issue is i am 100 % certain alan moore doesn ’ t know who he is .
0	you are way off
0	for the best night sleep in the whole wide world ...
0	i just binged watch season 1-3 in 2 day ! i need more if you have not seen this show you are missing out . it ’ s fantastic ! ! # cowboywayal # faithcattleco # godfirst # loveurfamily # bubba # cody # booger
1	and they say russia is the hacker .. hmmm ...
0	i sat during the levi 's commercial so they know that i do n't support their gun control stance
0	and yet congress took away all gun control law when they took away article 4 sec 4 u constitution from the people thank you congress
1	time to vote and spit in the eye of all these liberal
1	serena is a bully . she threatened to shove a ball down the throat of a line judge in the 09 u open . she wa 2 point away from losing in the semifinal when she dbl faulted . she went ballistic and wa penalized a point . she lost the match due to her threat . she 's a bully ''
1	monkey have been used for century to dehumanize black people but none of that ha anything to do with the 5th largest economy in the world and a 9 billion surplus . everything else you are saying is nonsense . againtske your l and leave
1	for your encore say that every other western country that ’ s all but eliminated mass shooting through effective gun control are lying too ... it would be fitting
0	his staffer should remember that trump is in favor of using enhanced interrogation technique .
0	she is attempting to emotionally manipulate canadian standard behaviour for the trudeau “ liberal ” .
0	that they 're liberal
0	i wonder if any of the maga people that try to follow me are hoping to maybe get better knowledge or maybe they want to change . and then i go and block them . maybe that ’ s why they never change .
1	he need to fade into the sunset quickly . his music suck and no one care about his political view . unfortunately he ’ s too ignorant to realize . only concert i went to where a political diatribe completely . ruined it completely .
0	eric , his brother , his sister and daddy .... among a lot of other crime .. stole money from their charity '' aka personal piggy bank and are being investigated ... but here he is acting so `` dope '' .. but he 's nothing but a tool ''
1	ain ’ t missing shit
0	be sure to just cover liberal ' p.o.v . that 's what you do . not fair & amp ; balanced .
0	b still boycotting nfl .
1	i 'm all for gun control use both hand 's
0	beto-i ’ m100 % fundedbynyandhollywoodleftistsbutpretendingtobeatexan-o ’ rourke . # keeptexasred
0	fake . that pic wa taken long before the game started .
0	# baltimore ha 5 shooting over wkend .. criminal really follow those liberal gun control law .. smh . baltimore is a shithole # guncontrol
0	y ’ all are the best
1	you are making crap up- no dem i know want to abolish ice . we don ’ t believe rich people should be the one getting tax break . bankrupt medicare ? total nonsense . you lie a much a trump
0	you are 100 % correct
0	i have found that my younger woman doctor do n't ignore me when i say i know my body , and are more inclusive of everything . the hospital even updated their sheet to include non-binary '' for gender and `` sexual identity '' instead of the common `` sex/gender '' m/f option . ''
0	by screaming at the official or by throwing her racket ? i 'm confused .
1	look at all these racist white liberal freaking out because i said tom arnold ha white privileged .
0	you are so fragile . it must be hard to live that way .
0	privat just mean between b xvi and the cardinal . agree though he should not be out and about . should be in seclusion for the 'prayer nd meditation ' and only private mass . nuncio wa making molehill into mountain for the old guard of conservative to oust francis .
0	can we please now be honest with ourselves and acknowledge this trans stuff is a mental disorder ? and not normal human behavior ?
0	krav maga defcon wuppertal @ body master url
1	who is fawning ? and who are you to decide who is and who is n't reasonable ? it is fully possible to be reasonable and still be wrong . i 'm guessing you have never watched daves show and are going by what you have heard from people you are fawning over .
1	6 more white boy standing up for you every day ms. . i think the poster add speshul emphasis . don ’ t you ? # maga # wwg1wga url
0	not here ... # maga # wwg1wga
1	shitttt . i do & amp ; doe .
0	this is not about democrat or republican . this woman ha absolutely nothing to gain by coming forward but much to lose . why the maga people seem to not mind sweeping so much under the rug is beyond me .
0	he is in a full blown temper tantrum over manafort .
0	he did n't break shit.all he did wa make himself look more foolish than normal
0	you can ’ t pretend to care about woman when only those attacking conservative count . got it ?
1	obama will preach about gun control in the u.s. but then arm the drug cartel in mexico and advocate for open border . a piece of shit is worth more than obama .
0	i wish they ’ d keep in up through the election . especially antifa .
0	packing for tx - hope you are well # almostcousins
0	# wemarchforourlives # enoughisenough .. what say you we need solves gun special ... and the usa fall election ( focused electing only those for actual gun control-dump old # dnc # gop - with # empowerment 4action url
0	( verge of collapse ) the breaking of a wave can not explain the whole sea.i move too fast and break thing . but i have always told myself unless you are breaking… url
0	take a moment to realize jimin is 22 and she is 39 year old . 17 year age difference . breathe that in .
0	i can not see him posting such a video if he wa done with supes . he is wearing a krypton t-shirt too
0	same with gun control . chl hiders don ’ t commit gun crime . same law with pit bull ?
0	at millfield lecturing the student about what ? the evolving dependent tax and migrant party ? url
1	typical ... when it backfire it 's nothing to see here move along ... trump supporter these day are doing the same thing ... all this shit trump is getting called out on . it 's nothing to see here move along . lol
1	i believe that melania trump is an abused woman maybe not physically but definitely mentally by an abuser husband and she is afraid to speak out against her abuser .
0	what a wonderful caring president we have . god bless him ! ! # maga
0	i ’ m sooo happy you are a gator ! !
0	hell ya she is
0	she is adorable
0	# qanda there are 208 woman in the common , up from 191 in 2015 , a a result of thursday 's general election . this take female representation in the common to a new high . overall 32 % of mp are woman ... for labour the figure is 45 % , and 21 % for the conservative '' . bbc 2017 ''
0	i loved the house bunny . and the remembering name voice wa funny . my family and i watch mom it ’ s great . i ’ m a recovered addict or moderately recovered if you are one who count pot lol . it ’ s a very good show .
1	you are missing brain ?
0	don ’ t judge u mainer by this ( clearly insane ) proclamation . he ’ s off his pin .
0	so death toll are determined by study and computer program ?
0	well uk had gun control and were over here fighting for it for the past like 4 year so
1	a bunch of vulture ! tim isnt even gone yet -wtf ? have you no shame ? all you see are $ $ i hope he left every penny to an animal rescue ! 'carol burnett ' star tim conway recovers from brain surgery a family battle over comic 's fate rage on url # foxnews
0	anyone else think that franken resigned over way more than what we actually witnessed and heard ?
1	oh good we can start reminding people about the worst administration in history obama the i will not help black and hispanic president that sent a plane filled with cash to iran sent gun to mexico so they could kill people and start a gun control riot and started ferguson riot
0	jesus inherited the sinful gene from sinful mary . it wa in jesus blood to commit sin .
1	what kind of dumb shit am i gon na read next
0	he ha been on the take ... ukranian money ... he is dirty
1	he ’ s a flake ...
1	i seriously believe he is evil ..
0	i should rephrase that ... something went down and she is trying to cover it up with some lame story about “ oh i thought i wa in my own house ” bullsh1t ! what a obviously blatant lie . url
0	# levi-straussdoublesdown on gun control push url url
1	look at her moving and not one word of truth coming out of it . if you ever get a chance to ask that layer a question ask her do you agree with me that the golan height belong to . she is dead dead in the water she could n't answer it without condemning herself true
0	we stand with kavanaugh maga url
0	you don ’ t believe this is true fact and ac360 commentary on your tweet . let say he is wrong in reference to florence . but is he correct on you not visiting any impacted area . how long you will fool your base fan . grow up .
0	.. and he is yet to get a call-up for senior team .. url
0	how very white male republican of you . maga ?
1	she say she is deeply religious '' ... she did not say `` which '' religion ... satanist are very religious ... peace ''
0	1. we all want affordable health care for everyone . liberal want it so badly they are willing to change the fact to produce the theory . that 's false science . the correct thing is to change the theory to accommodate the fact . that 's science .
0	keep lying bud no one is listening
1	must be driving liberal crazy !
1	do really even care what come out the his foolish and annoying mouth ? go home david and let the adult # maga
1	that zombie walk wa a little scary . remember when that zombie said he wa going to eat shon ’ s butt
1	my . arm . wa n't . that . big ! n. neither . wa . my . boob ! they . are . now ! from . them . injecting . fat ! into . my . body !
0	is that a bar where antifa sharpens their stone and buy their silly string ?
0	she is a monkeying around . url
1	there is help for your mental illness . good grief you liberal are seriously disturbed .
0	a new bill aim to send masked antifa activist to jail for 15 year url
0	already following ! ! fantastic maga patriot ! ! !
0	the 1st word rian johnson used is regret '' , and he asked about fear . so rian johnson must have thought of these 2 emotion for ben ... i conclude that ben regret that rey did n't accept his offre and fear to be alone and that she doe n't love him a he doe # reylo ''
1	captain maga getting slandered ? and it wasn ’ t from me ? damn . url
0	what ’ s the first thing you are going to do ?
1	ridiculous comment the only way liberal make government work is when conservative go along with their idea . tbqh le government is always better than more unless your a socialist . most time government pass a new law i lose money n liberty .
0	the party of bill clinton and ted kennedy are accusing brett kavanaugh of sexual misconduct while he wa in high school . think about that irony for a moment . # maga
1	just think . she is infinitely funnier than you . obviously .. d'uh huh . '' ``
0	both side are antifa ... kkk ... got ta stop
0	do you support our potus ? ( please help by retweeting and following after voting ! ) follow follow follow # maga # kag # trump
1	most stupid tweet yet ... and yes ... it a libtard
1	he is sick . very disturbed . and that comment prof it !
0	that may be but a far a the gun thing go it show the total distopia that can result from gun control . only criminal and corrupt cop have gun in mexico and the average citizen is at t their complete mercy
1	he should leak that shit anyways lol
1	she lost because she got outplayed . she is disgusting for her behavior
0	i wonder if the liberal realize how much the jihadis despise them ? probably not .
0	hopefully conservative will be welcomed in too .
1	lmao .... you suck nfl
1	yup ! she will destroy hard working ppl and small business . she is evil with a pretty face and ppl are falling for it .
0	the only one suffering terrorist attack is mussolini '' even if that were true , the way that `` terrorist '' is generally defined ( a `` doing violence against power , outside of government realm '' ) of course it true it irrelevant , hitler by that analogy wasnt a criminal . antifa wa ''
0	oops guess the liberal will call him a racist and a nazi along will all the other name on the book
1	# mediatoo selective putrid outrage only at conservative only by liberal who want u to know how moral they are ! ! ! re : kavanaugh and any other repub who will stand up against them ! ! url
1	you will see more and more shocking vigilante style justice like this . liberal on these court are out of control.swamp creature in dc beware . start serving the u.s. citizen 1st . lot of fed up american across this great country of ours . url
0	you 're very welcome ! there are some incredible blogger i have connected with on here !
0	this picture i love it… because it speaks volumes… you are in your element… and you looked peaceful url
0	lol . except he ’ s the most successful president in our lifetime . he ’ s undone most of the damage obummer did and set america on the right path again . # maga
1	conversely you apparentl do n't care about kid unless they are shot at school & amp ; can be used to promote gun control . funny that ar you hate so much is used to kill far le people than criminal do with their arm and leg . when do you start calling for everyone to be dismembered ?
0	look like the joke on liberal again . # forttrump # poland # boomingeconomy url
0	i stand corrected ! guess the only memorable thing about her to me is how hateful she is lmfao .
1	i dont think at your job is the place to protest perceived police violence or whatever you are protesting '' . if you really cared go to your local pd and protest there , taking a knee at a ballgame on your job doesnt take gut and only make you look ignorant . ''
1	why do n't they want health care ? why do they want rich people to pay le tax ? why do n't they care about the deficit ? why do n't they want any gun control ? why are they so afraid of immigrant ? why are they so full of hate when they control all branch of government ? why ? ? ?
1	she is a sick corrupt ignorant moron !
0	it wa more of an allusion to the must-keep-growing economy and the dependence on bullshit job to pay back unnecessary debt to create growth to prevent that whole thing falling over . i vote according to the circumstance at the time of the election .
0	# maga great thing about hurricane florence : did not have to hear the bionic woman with the amazing memory '' talk about a party 3 million year ago url
0	she is the bomb ! !
0	how about telling senator cory “ spartacus ” booker to stop taking money from big pharma and how about if aarp stop being so biased towards the liberal and remember that some of your customer are republican
0	sexy
0	followed
1	you are part of the problem . you are the racist . wan na address this ?
0	soutien total . stop # fascisme # antifa # antifascist
0	don ’ t expect common sense from liberal .
0	just imagine the tyranny we ’ d be living under had these leftwing tryants waging war on u and our duly elected president and the american republic itself gained tyrannical control of the u supreme court the neocon ’ s # nevertrump crew wa trying to deliver to them ? # maga
1	notice how angry the # maga bot are after losing out on a vote this thursday . hey # maga bot . would you like some cheese with your whine . lol
1	interesting when demoncraps are n't even inventive enough to create their own cartoon . this is originally put out by republican - liberal are the koolaide drinker and always have been . liberal are also the scum of the earth and prove it daily through their lie
0	just leave it . there 's not point to this . the only one who will win this war of word are raytas/ liberals/ dravidanadu-vallahs and other secessionist .
1	mann i ain ’ t that smoove booty like you gee
0	bull
0	i ’ m not for gun control .... practice reading comprehension first
1	what “ trumptards ” will be doing to dirty liberal in november . i wa patient at first but now it ’ s clear the left ha absolutely zero intention of playing by the rule . i hope president trump crush your joke of a party under the fullest extent of the law .
1	oh this is gon na get some antifa idiot shot so fast ... they do n't even realize gun owner are usually really aware of what 's going on around them .
1	what doe a snot nose 18-year-old kid know ? he ’ s just a loud mouth immature punk who the medium ha placed on a pedestal using to promote gun control . he is fed tag line to spark controversy in order to bring attention to the gun control debate that he know nothing about .
0	is just trying to make good with his libnut elitist hollywood degenerate after the roasted him in the medium for questioning vaccine safety .
1	likely shift ? he is a political operative for the gop . this will be a life-long dream for many who have been working towards this outcome for decade . it ’ s sad .
0	the ol ' guilty because we liberal say so ... '' ploy . ''
0	he ’ s the fart in the wind of history . url
0	that might be a minor factor ... but that is n't what they are saying ... # peoplesvote
0	we loved hearing laura speak in duluth ! she is truly a strong supporter of our beloved president ... we need to flip mn red ! ! ! !
1	this is not the first time she ha expressed this dismissive attitude toward public outcry against her vote . those people will be a factor when they vote her as out of office in 2 year . i think she is toast .
1	a you typed “ you think everyone is like you ? ” and read it . it mean the question is referring to the reader . and at the case you are the reader . effect
0	kavanaugh wa on the short list over a year ago . if liberal think this is a good idea just imagine how many people in the future with zero evidence 30+ yr later including where and year can accuse people then ruin their life including these liberal and politician .
1	that ’ s so sad and terrifying ; i know it ’ s been dropped to a 2 but all the report i ’ ve seen say that doesn ’ t mean shit for this storm . all you have to do is look at picture of that thing to realize it ’ s a fucking beast
0	the old fool proved he should n't be leader of the liberal when he mouthed off about the sky takeover by murdoch .
0	there were no good people on the side of white supremacy . the good people on both side that donald trump referenced were those who the medium purposefully ignored who were there on both side of the removal of historical monument that had nothing to do with kkk or antifa
0	shush it make the ship make more sense
0	ha the fbi interviewed kaine about his son 's tie to antifa ?
0	it would be so nice if the trump supporter could tell u why they believe he is so great without comparing him to every criminal in the history of american politics .
0	happiest birthday to the greatest constitution on god 's green earth ! # devilyouloseagain # letthetribunalsbegin # therainmakers # trumpworld # rainmakersunite # wwg1wga # qanon # maga . # kag # q828 # thepersistence url
1	stop with your nonsense . you are a block . you are stupid !
0	i am a lot older than she is
0	well if she truly thought he wa an intruder in her home i would suppose she would revert to her police training . what sickens me is all the medium hype that she is going to get off strictly because she is white and he is black . horrible all the way around .
0	are you suggesting brazil doesn ’ t have a high crime rate ? there is about 10x a much money trying to push gun control than there is nra money .
0	gun control and divorce though
1	now i know you 're having a laugh . do you really believe that the medium are n't picking on him ? a for getting his shit together '' , what `` shit '' would that be ? ''
0	you are not a failure and an inspiration to other people
0	look like the joke on liberal again . # forttrump # poland # boomingeconomy url
0	so much for gun control ... not to be incentive . but really . just saying
1	me trying to avoid the freshman boy who hang out in my block and hit on me everyday url
0	so you are ok with boris johnson having to have police protection from antifa/momentum then ? tory are clearly scared of because the tory know they are not delivering the brexit that 17.4 million people voted for . shame tory do not condemn antifa .
0	no way this woman wa threatened and had to move out of her house because of conservative or republican
0	andrew .... what is your position on gun control in canada ?
1	i will beat your as .
0	she is absolutely amazing
0	i understand annie she is stuck in between ! i understand her !
1	fudge report ... then apparently she is not a socialist a you and your kind label her and is a successful capitalist but with much higher moral and opportunity for society . you have the dumbest follower .
0	agreed . antifa is totally ate up with worm . in fact they are worm .
0	dude go away .... tin hatter like you make u conservative look bad ..... get a job
0	maybe something a little more recent to help you out . url
0	mossad .
1	holy shit pt 2
0	who said canada even want him ? we have enough entitled liberal here already
1	she ’ s one of those ‘ kooky ’ liberal .
0	antifa is always igniting fighting and violence with the right , therefore they are you ! blm is mostly '' peaceful ? are you kidding me ? do your research ! geez url
1	he is a russian spy /have received much money from putin .
0	another win for the common man ! # morealligatorgreedannulled # maga a federal court ha handed a victory to student suing education secretary betsy devos over her effort to dismantle protection against fraud by for-profit college . url
1	how about just f * ! k her she is an instigating big mouth bitc * & amp ; so is her evil friend . my opinion ! ! ! # teamtani
0	she is stunning !
0	watching liberal get all uppity at you though wa the best part . they jump to defend the scum a ever .
0	way to go liberal ... taking away from american ... smh
0	ah he is great . cheer
1	this is why conservative and law abiding citizen do n't come to the table about gun control . it not about lunatic like this guy that should no longer own weapon . it about removing all gun slowly but surely from everyone regardless of who they are . url
1	vote cruz ! ! ! beto is part of the deep state that will turn control back over to the corrupted liberal ! ! ! !
1	we ’ re so far beyond tax return . this crap affect all american and liberal are too stupid to wake up and understand what ’ s really going on . step aside . the adult are here to do it .
1	i fuck with this hard
0	1/ here 's a quoted by factually incorrect on no le than 6 count : trump is raising tax not just on democrat , he ’ s raising tax on democrat & amp ; republican & amp ; independent & amp ; conservative & amp ; short people & amp ; tall people . '' ''
0	antifa hide their identity behind ski mask . we are living in such time .
1	the game suck
0	and how much is he being paid for this behavior ?
0	: ( conservative and republican alike should recieve and give forgiveness . gim me peace fam .
0	the guy who doesn ’ t watch wrestling will have no idea who he is .
0	she is still on there for now .
1	7 $ million buyout . loser .
0	agree !
0	thank you jourdan ! ! ! & amp ; hayley is yours she is literally in my dm a we speak and still hasn ’ t wished me happy birthday . fake mom
0	this photo doe you no justice . url
0	such a tragedy . he is missed by many .
0	lmao - understanding and accepting imperical evidence and fact is a social democrat attribute . conservative on the other hand believe religion and trump . what a sad state of affair . # cult45
0	you said gun safety law . funny . you mean gun control agenda . your staffer must be editing your shit these day . kudos to the minion .
0	i follow all these maga patriot
0	haha that 's just because i 'm unique . a lot of american ca n't find sweden on a map . and i 'm like jag älskar sverige
0	john moore called it . url
0	yo he is gorgeous
1	even if that wa the reason the last thing mac would want would be for everyone to be harassing the shit out of her when she is already grieving . cmon dude .
0	79 % say they are the same of better off ! # maga
0	good grief texas do n't vote for this guy .
1	. all i have to say is i # tastethebarbierainbow & amp ; facial expression were everything i see you # roman this video wa # legendary you are a fucking # icon # barbiedreamsvideo url
0	did he found out by himself ?
0	i love that she is using her platform for something positive and meaningful ..
0	excellent point which is why so many will not understand the deep emotion and pain behind word . she wa defending her character . she is not a cheater and would not allow someone to allude that she wa . the game violation at that point in the match wa unreal .
0	me or the tory lady ? because what i wrote wa about all their failing .
0	he is spartacus .
0	don ’ t you know ? trump run everything himself . he is hand on . except when he ’ s not then he ha never met that guy but ha heard he ’ s very bad .
0	he is definitely an adorable little guy .
1	it ’ s a shame you are so damned unattractive ...
1	you are abhorrent
0	why do you take her side . it ’ s been 35 year and no proof so because you are woman and liberals- you can ’ t think . none of her story add up . this is a political setup to win .
0	pay your back tax yet ? still have armed private security even after you screamed about gun control ? your husband still talk to harvey everyday ? move out of your glass house ?
0	antifa boot camp
0	christine ford is an admitted friend to bernie saunders and she is known to hobnob with other demo politician ! most shocking word is kavanaughs mom a judge ruled against ford parent in a forclosure case in mid 90
1	anarchist nefarious treason invading free america = antifa .
0	imagine having a “ don ’ t tread on me ” avi while simultaneously allowing both antifa and the police to tread on you .
1	i love only one ( 1 ) bitch ( you ) url
1	proud . shit is fire no matter what weather you ’ re in . no matter if your house temperature is high or low . everyone ’ s just too pussy to get in the water for 1 min . cuz after that you get used to the temp
1	# joebiden call trump supporter dreg of society . # biden organized a coup in # ukraine . his son steal $ b from ukrainian people a they leave their country in search of job . # maga # potus # zog ''
0	i 'm not the one deleting my tweet so people ca n't see the unprompted and unwarranted undeserved personal attack you commenced our interaction with and how and why you got so far up my nose that i responded in the kind of language you are clearly more familiar with than i
0	reasonable gun control = use 2 hand .
0	she is full of b . all she is fighting for is another million dollar payday .
1	reckon he is upset about wacky wednesday because the boy told him it wa absolutely going to be a mad monday this time ?
0	a thought i had watching this “ doe she know where she is or what ’ s going on ? ”
1	kwasia doe ur shatta wale even have a career to start with . idiot .. his reign album hype seff dey zero . a if he is not about to release an album hype no yh vim zero
1	love this woman telling the truth every day why do conservative have to point out the obvious.are people really that stupid
0	agreed fuck that guy
1	wtf & amp ; seriously ... what manner of bigoted platform are you running that label an exhortation for child , black or other , to stay in school '' ? # jackdorseyisabigot # maga # kag ''
0	doe anyone remember when u2 just made music ?
0	politico reached out to the “ 65 ” woman . only 2 stood by him . that ’ s 65-63=2 . got ta break it down for # maga .
0	before long football player will receive about half of what they make now . let them keep protesting . the player aren ’ t going to win this .
0	the og dream i believe is what you are looking for haha . if you watched all game in this tournament v leetpro you would notice a pattern . never the le insane game and im glad i witnessed it live .
0	he is complicit in the abuse of young men . why would he care about a woman . he make me sick .
0	. it ’ s sad and scary that the french so-called justice system is ordering le pen to undergo psych eval because she dared to reveal the horror of daesh/isis . the true crazy are radical muslim and liberal who protect them .
0	ya take advantage of the monument standing stately around our nation because if the liberal continue they will be no more
0	i really wish they could find someone better than cuccinelli to represent conservative ... he is the epitome of a douche bag used car salesman with a law degree .
1	attention lefty demanding gun control . most of these shooter are left wing . you do n't get to shoot congressman and create violent chos and then demand we normal people disarm .
0	he is running the team the way preller tell him to
1	look like antifa thug .
1	boatload of crap !
0	fake news
1	everyone saying fuck rus dont know a damn thing about him or watched the interview
0	probably all staged by liberal to block kavanaugh
0	ah that ’ s shite . can ’ t understand why people go to a football match to do their best impression of a mute . i ’ m trying for ticket in the kop next chance i get because i assume the main stand ha more or le the same atmosphere a the kenny .
0	you are goddamn right both side will be heard . we want the truth kavanaugh . republican better not put party above country .
0	he is . we ’ ve been saying it for year . uncle christopher is tristan while aunt carla is bickle .
1	all of this show just how scared liberal are of the new that is going to be guided by the constitution & amp ; bill of right . they honestly believed they had made them powerless in today 's court . trump is # maga & amp ; deplorables are helping . url
1	mcenroe is a fucking legend . and he hurled abuse at everyone ! now he appears in commercial yelling at people and movie yelling at people . he is an icon . do you think it ’ s fair ?
0	let ’ s not discus fault rn . if this happened he is 10000 % to blame . let ’ s first get reasonable amount of evidence before presuming he is guilty
0	brian so sorry for your loss but she is probably with grandpa looking down on all of you with a huge smile so sorry but god wanted her to
1	holy shit- how brainwashed can ya be ?
0	they probably get bonus pay for that
1	ha if you really ca n't see the hypocrisy that is antifa then you have obvious drunk the cool aid .
1	he really bisca fool huh
1	i 'm pretty sure most of your # maga supporter do not have any new found wealth '' . i assume you 're referring to your fellow billionaire that you gave a huge tax break to . ''
0	they 've been trying . a couple of veteran happened 2 b assaulted by antifa . wrong ! ! they were surprised ! fight kinda broke up the protesting
1	imagine being stupid
0	he is ! it 's his first regression too xd
0	shit jamming ju
0	a visit to the dc holocaust museum revealed hitler won by 43 % of the popular vote and 32 % of the seat . he also used the schutzstaffel ( s ) to intimidate his opponent reminding one of the antifa thug we have today . hitler also got the muslim on his side . uncanny .
1	she and him beign a joint acct . have called me and grok everything under the sun the same person woman racist redneck antifa kkk member granny ( yes granny ) haha etc it 's pretty common when the fraud get busted to start calling the one 's who busted them hilarious name
0	...... google need to be broken up .... they are a threat to the country
0	bono is an asshole .
0	did you hurt yourself jumping to that conclusion ? if you want biblical scholarship worth having read bart d. ehrman . if you want ignorant schlock ... well you are already here .
1	watched the press conf with trump and heard him say how much we will make when poland pay u to put in a military base . he is a dottering demented fool who really belief that his goal is for america to make money . you hear it in all he say . this isn ’ t a hotel .
1	we in this bitch together
1	she is a horrible at her job ... maybe that 's why her career is dying ...
0	. liberal attack private life when they ca n't attack policy . url
0	how did britain end up upside down in the ditch with all four wheel spinning lazily in the air ? '' how could it not , with the rabid wealth thirsty drunk on power , at the wheel ? # britishtorycarcrash # toriesout ''
0	yeah i bought sumn from them . tired of morphe
0	amazing all the projection she is doing .
0	china 's theft of ip . is between 400 and 600 billion in economic value . stop that for maga .
0	a cosby comparison ? 30+ v 1 from h ? why u so angry ? are you one of those antifa activates that doesn ’ t like getting pepper sprayed ?
1	just saw it . still vague though . he doe not confirm if he is done or not though .
1	let stretch bitch
1	and shit like this is why no real research get done on u .
0	idk if she is but shes black coded .... the bonet set it off
0	please source the video where these antifa '' where violent towards you . let 's see your source . ''
0	sadly you are not wrong
0	whatever your missing my point which is that he is not even reached his ceiling and not good enough for him he ’ s better than 7th best in the lg
0	unreal ! liberal have completely lost it and will do anything opposing our president ! very sad !
0	while for republican there 's no difference in % of agw belief between phd and college freshman because conservative are more open-minded people who are able to question consensus ; plus tend to get degree in more practical field like eng . instead of airy fairy artsy b .
1	# stratadata # ai # data # hairball : tdavis touring the application of # cognitive and # machinelearning technique to speed # governance of # data url
0	thank you bro . i ’ m glad that you think she is bro because she is but if she did it wouldn ’ t make her any le amazing .
0	what a joke .
0	what if she wa cry because of the way williams wa treated ? / because woman are treated diff on the court and she is sick of that detracting from her and other woman ’ s achievement on the court ?
0	war on free speech . antifa and high tech .
1	no i don ’ t know that nor do you .... in fact a claim like that is bullshit . imagine if we had never enacted clean air regulation year ago in the u.s .... but wait ! you don ’ t have to imagine ... just look at the air quality in china ! ! that ’ s what piss me off about you conservative
1	10 restaurant diner fatally shot in corpus christi with .357 ruger blackhawk revolver . the nra call gun control research 'unethical ' .
0	what policy do the republican have for gun control ?
0	be very careful because you are in danger of pushing map back into the closet .
1	meet walter : walter is most likely # maga.walter belief the lie he told daily about an imaginary # walkaway being talked about in no community of color because it is # fakenews.walter doe not understand minority penchant for remembering what u did to them .. walter eats toenail url
0	10 sign you are a sale zombie url # marketing # sale # retail # style url
0	i feel like this happens at the library except they argue a .30 fine because they don ’ t appreciate u and think she is doing u a favor by patronizing the library . but the family of seven with a huge fine on multiple picture book will write out a check then and there .
0	you are ...
1	if you think conservative are going to believe a wacko liberal you are sadly mistaken . we see right thru your lie . judge kavanaugh is a great person and the best thing for this country . you on the other hand are a disgrace to the united state & amp ; woman .
0	if you read this thread seemed to imply that the view and action of soros are the same a everyone on the left '' ( i. e. if you are `` left '' you support antifa ) ... did i misread ? ''
0	tua ha rb type vision . he is a .
1	he is a meme repeater url
0	we are busy maga love our president
1	had to create a whole fake page just to talk shit . si is really just miserable # sad
0	he is not to be trusted
1	he is so lame outside the cage . killer in the cage
0	and what if she is lying ? what if kavanaugh is the victim of a smear and character assassination ? what then ?
0	where 's holier than thou sippin wine in the shade somewhere ... # maga
0	disgusting . he is going down and taking the whole church with him . my god .
0	only conjecture but with so high undecided it could be some fear the militant part of the left like antifa who promise to punish those who do not vote in the approved manner . there wa s report that voter roll were being reviewed for gop to be visited `` ''
0	go figure
1	could have been you if you didn ’ t stop taking molly and shit ! glad you changed and are still around . absolutely suck max passed . such an amazing artist ! rip mac .
0	one of them just called me 'politically and morally bankrupt ' because i said i would get behind him if he opposed brexit
1	. just read that flaming pile of garbage you wrote and the national review call an article . why are liberal losing their mind when the president is being investigated for collusion with a foreign government ? ! why is he nominating anyone for a supreme court appt ?
0	tina . she 's traumatized and hated by conservative .
0	are now criticising policy in england where standardised testing is used in the equivalent of p1 . is this the start of a tory civil war ?
0	. conference is fast approaching and we will soon be heading to birmingham . check out our programme of event below url url
1	i think he meant to say ... sent to jail for fraud
1	the reason liberal should be deported . they are just to sick and twisted to fix .
0	hello ... the problem with more gun control is the only people that gun are being taken away from or ‘ controlled ’ a you say are people like me who ha the legal right to carry a gun . so before you continue to scream gun control ... look at who it would affect .
0	he is also still behind
1	he . is . a. sociopath . they are incapable of feeling empathy . period .
1	but to go all antifa on ppl like friggen milo ? i do n't buy that conservative who like medicare don blackout and then going millennials for antifa protest .
0	adicionei um vídeo a uma playlist url lil peep type beat you 're leaving already '' | melancholic ''
0	go take economics ...... we 'll wait
1	we the dreg of society will make sure you are never president
1	antifa is a domestic terrorist organization that leech off of george soros 's money . they are a domestic terrorist organization that us intimidation & amp ; violence to spread their ideology .
1	why ? plenty of people have taken a stance in favor of common sense gun control '' and it doe n't mean jack shit since they do n't have a plan for common sense gun control . would it really help to have the asb and asa also spouting empty buzzword ? ''
0	thank you president trump ! ! you are # maga ! ! !
0	2 ) that 's even an antifa motto , by any mean necessary '' ''
0	he 's one of those type who ha no time ( he 's a senior partner at a law firm ) . the issue do n't prevent him from driving the vehicle . they 're simply annoying . but i do believe that he is taking the car in next month .
0	a curly fry in horsey sauce at arbys and a fry-frosty at wendys is how you fast food .
0	he is such a cutie ! i love him !
1	# meneither ! she is a liar . clear a day a liar . url
0	ya and it look like he is in a lit of the same mma account a we have . weird .
1	guy im literally italian and i know what that shit is wtf
1	ha n't this flake left yet ? how dare these people hang a man without evidence and at the word of a loon with repressed memory . '' sue her and i bet she shuts up fast . ''
0	wish guy opperman would knockmy door ! 1950's/1960 's infact everyone lookout this 'guy ' will tellu you hv to work till nearly 70 u dont it 's a lie just did n't ring fence our nic 's for last 24yrs ! £271bill ! if today yp worked a long a 1950 's they wld be 76spa ! read # battlebus url
0	you took a sip of your trusty vault 13 canteen
0	debate moving on to the street is a side effect of media/mps failing to address question they need to answer & amp ; the violence frequently stem from the thuggish # antifa mob who oppose these issue being aired . what are your answer to question here ? url
0	did you just replace the n-word with dude ?
0	censorship
0	. is also a member of the opened sig and she is also doing her # cmalt # altc
1	no worry antifa . you can still live in your parent basement and go to your community college ! ! !
0	he * is * the dba . i had a quiet word with him afterwards about v $ datafile
0	# pathetic # loser only utah would allow this 2 happen . # wakeupamerica utah slc judge liberal so sorry # elizabethsmart url
0	she is frightening !
0	thank u ..
1	liar ! ! ! ! .... see clarence thomas confirmation .... this wa never about the lie ! .. it wa always a delay tactic ... nothing more ... disgusting liberal and the game they call 'politics '
0	omg why do we care about these hollywood liberal ? ?
0	anonymous ha always been a resistance tactic/idea . it doe n't matter who is leading they are an enemy since anon doe n't take political side . there are anons who support the idea of antifa and there are those who do n't . but no one speaks for the entirety of anonymous .
1	antifa simply want u to kill them . by the way . most of u carry a back up . and a knife
1	by the way why don ’ t you move to haiti ? you liberal seem to make shit hole out of large city . so go somewhere where it ’ s already a shit hole so you don ’ t have to do any work !
0	. confirm kavanaugh ! # kavanaughforscotus # 2a # nra no new gun control ! # 2a ! # defendthesecond # nra vote for # shareact # nocompromise protect our god given right # rememberyouroath # nraun control ! # 2a ! # defendthesecond # nra
0	perhaps she is promised position or money ?
0	and i ’ ll never pay to see another one of your movie .....
1	what the fuck ...
0	you are just looking at the price ...
1	he is a lying stack of shit too .
0	radicalism ? ? ? who 's behind antifa and other disruptive organization causing havoc - your buddy george soros . again , if you have a specific accusation , you should bring it ... all of your word are political rhetoric . nothing clear '' here . ''
1	that 's what lindsey graham us for a butt hole ............
0	reason number 865 why conservative don ’ t do comedy .
0	it wa a change '' election and exit poll were not kind to doug ford , so i ca n't quite agree . i believe the ndp is making a case a a strong opposition party , allaying fear about potential governance , and so much of what may happen in 2022 hinge on how liberal reorganize . ''
0	is a disgrace to the united state of america ! !
1	do n't know who he is and do n't really care .... some rich dude that probably hate our president and our country ...
1	what kind of class are you taking ? you have as homework ? is this an anatomy class ?
0	we all know death threat are a resist/antifa tactic .
0	antifa caught off guard after getting confronted by the last person they ... url via
1	if he doesnt want to face the responsibility for his action then he is in the wrong job . that is without taking into account him being a bit shit ... # avfc # bruceout
0	he 'll be in the loony bin by then ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	you can tell he is a hooper too
1	you are fkn deluded pal # fatnixon is a digusting pig trump interview on 9/11 : [ my building ] wa the 2nd-tallest in manhattan ... and now it ’ s the tallest . '' ''
0	let ’ s geaux tiger ! prove yourselves you are worthy ! show the nation !
0	# morningjoe the closer it get to monday the louder the liberal will squeal .
1	bernie up to his . you are not telling the whole truth . # walkawayfromdemocratsnow
1	juan need to check himself . he is completely out of control .
0	i believe you are correct chico the wise chihuahua ! !
0	but couldn ’ t take care of racism that wa created during his presidency ... never heard the word equality come out of his mouth . we are a melting pot ! ! !
0	northern az is good . look forward to seeing him there ! # maga
0	don ’ t doubt a fat man
0	dangerous obnoxious garbage .... good luck doctor
0	yes “ if only antifa would leave the poor nazi alone ” is a statement for the age ...
0	with his time of service he is going through waiver ? i thought he wa a vet who just went to free agency . i guess it just depends on his last two season and if they count ?
1	i 'll bow out of this one . i wa gon na reply , but no matter how i worded it , it sounded liketake the camera and shove it up your as '' lol ''
0	m weaver is incorrect . not once that i am aware , ha any informed person who advocate gun control said they want to take away all weapon . semi auto , yes . better registration , yes . better background check , yes . m weaver appears to bend '' the truth to create fear & amp ; chaos . ''
0	he apologized . blood in the water . big mistake .
0	there were bad people on both side . or do you support antifa ?
0	# toad the one on top . nobama is best described a such ..... # maga # trump2020 url
0	president trump flying into la vega to host maga rally url
0	she is not a rep .
0	is a piece of royal shit of nehru dynasty . sometimes i wonder if everything i wa taught stand shaken ! eminent citizen '' , `` liberal '' , `` intellectual '' all these term now tell me 1 thing : the person being mentioned is anti-india , feed off my money & amp ; shame me always ''
0	like all conservative , lie . either that or druggy wa stoned and not really present '' . ''
1	she ’ s not acc drunk she ’ s just v tired and took sleeping pill so she is being silly
0	the realm of the imaginary can be quite powerful too
0	i wonder if ground seen if kaiser is ok if i wa him i would of went and got him idgaf all he is worried about is his body building
0	hillary condemns kavanaugh . bill clinton accuser responds . url via
1	the majority of those are suicide . you can not provide evidence that gun control reduces homicide .
1	but he is still fucked up for not respecting lgbtq
0	you are all brother
0	they are both guilty of criminal behavior & amp ; they know it . god remove any & amp ; all barrier to getting the truth from them ! # maga
1	he ruined the brand for what ? kaepernick ?
0	i wasn ’ t calling you out ... i wa genuinely surprised like live legit made a mode that you are loving and i love to see that ... it wasn ’ t anything more than that . i apologize if you took it another way
1	thank you for standing for decency . the liberal left is up to it same old tactic . lie at 11th hour from lefty liberal hater . this story stink from outside in # maga # tcot url
0	i believe that gun control law should be more extensive . i feel that the government should come up with a better way to assign people gun . i agree with protecting yourself but to what point . it alot of innocent people dying . # 102/20522
0	2.7 bilion euro would buy a lot of hospital . another triumph for the and their brilliant brexit team url
0	politician are finally getting it through their head that the nra doe n't represent a majority of gun owner . most responsible gun owner support gun control . you are pushing policy that most american gun owner find reprehensible .
0	trump ... an ive league billionaire and negotiator extraordinaire ! ! jan ... # resister ! ! i ’ ll take trump ! ! ! # maga # trump2020 url
1	bridget that 's another crazy one ! absolutely correct ! she is a mess ! and what she did to our president with the head in her hand ! she should have gone to jail for that ! she is a monster ! url
1	advocating for herself is ridiculous fam ?
1	no and they ’ re expensive as hell
1	i am definitely for antifa member getting themselves killed .
1	cockroach
0	i use it in conversation regularly but not sure about here . but in any case she is one
0	now i see why the conservative love him !
1	he is so takendted what the heck
0	how can pelosi be speaker ? she is mentally impaired
1	blame trump for the weather and the corruption that existed for decade in pr . what an as typical democratic
0	hey mary , did you see this on your profile followed by no one you know '' twitter trying to keep conservative from connecting . # stopthebias url
0	he is
0	well hello there
0	now u now why they cant have kavanaugh confirmed ! many are getting arrested maga !
0	conservative really need to come up with something better for an excuse besides their worn out hillary clinton ... '' . i 've never defended either clinton but trump undereducated base consistantly assumes if one against then they are for clinton thats ignorant ''
0	i prefer not to speak url
0	point is they are trying to make a statement . and ( some ) trump chump are guilty of much worse than anything antifa ha done in the goal of trying to make a statement
1	i still find it hilarious that people like you think that literally any response to a comment is liberal being upset '' and that getting a liberal upset is some kind of accomplishment . ''
1	shorty 's dad taught him eveything about pussygrabbing sexual assault # trump family time . # maga girl have to stay silent . url
0	hey spartacus you forget about admitting doing the same thing that you and the liberal are accusing kavanaugh ? time for you to resign spartacus . or is this more of you living the liberal mantra of “ do a we say not a we do “ url
0	outside of antifa . all could be supported . no one want to tear down the military .
0	a person ’ s stance on gun control is a telling statement on if they believe in the right of the individual . might a well stamp “ statist ” on their forehead . please vote accordingly .
0	what ? i have no clue what you are trying to say . i ’ m certainly no trump supporter ffs . just rational keep on keeping on with whatever it is you are trying to achieve .
0	jealousy rear it ugly face ... i am favored and blessed my girl adore me and so doe god .
1	how the fuck is puting raven with derrick and dan and dr. will saying she 's a mastermind when she did n't do shit put bitch about being sick and being annoying and boring . take raven out and put tyler in . he is playing a great game even the great player who won said he 's good
1	you know good and goddamn well that if you tried to explain all the gun control on a military base is proof that gun grabbing law wo n't do shit if you look at fort hood .
0	lmao saying you are happy for someone publically doe n't mean you magically stop having feeling for them and are over them . have you ever had a bf before ? and for the last time nobody is saying she should have stayed with him . it 's the messiness immediately after
1	you are full of shit sweetie '' ''
0	hang in there . she is alive .
0	it say he is a political revolutionary for hire '' but i 'm not seeing anything revolutionary in his think . maybe he meant revolting . ''
0	because ... color is all it 's about ? really ? think about it . that 's a goofy a saying blonde only think like blonde or that 6 ft 4 people only think like 6 ft 4 people . should black american stand for her manipulation ? no more than if trump said let talk w white only . never !
1	and not all idiot grandstand like he did
1	yea cuz mushroom penis syndrome is definitely an impeachable offense # maga
0	can it be an alert that he is resigning ? ? ! !
1	don ’ t usually do twitter ” conversation ” but my point wa dana may be kind of woman who doesn ’ t want to help other woman ; want to be the prima donna & amp ; so doesn ’ t care about developing next-gen girls.she is against gun control & amp ; isn ’ t bothered by school shootings-must not like kid
0	this is all political theater . are liberal really that stupid to believe that the fbi investigates state crime ? especially incident that happened 36 year ago by a juvenile ? this is nothing more than a tactic to delay kavanaugh ’ s confirmation .
0	my son don ’ t know his he ’ s better off dead nice message tho your heart wa in a good place
0	call up about time he got a call up he is showing he can perform at a big level ! he might not be at a top 4 club but he can score give him a chance ! ..
0	tom wa bought ! he is more interested in tom than his constituent
1	desperation ! abuse of my power cause he is losing his mind
0	ford knew the moment she came forward anonymously '' that her name would get out . this wa an effort to stall the # kavanaugh nomination . 35 yo accusation that knowingly ca n't be proven . throw mud at the last minute . this is what the # resistance look like . ''
0	she should but probably can ’ t stay awake long enough to leave the country . said she would move to new zeland but i see she is still here . too bad
0	# westminster # tory wtf is going wrong with # police these day url
0	in easy and a brat you are- nothing it legit nothing
0	another “ perfect ” teacher ! ! !
0	christian conservative do n't have an orange god '' . neither black , white , green , pink , or any other color . his name is yahweh ! ! ! ''
0	i ’ ll toast to me # hillary url
0	people are tired of the virtue signaling from wealthy liberal who never and never will know the struggle of the average american .
1	they lie about firearm . they call the ar-15 a fully semi-automatic assault rifle . '' they push gun control . they say donald trump is racist and hate mexican . they say he colluded with russia . so yes , they lie ''
0	the film with bale in got sucky a they went along ? so what you ’ re saying is that batman begin wa better than the dark knight and dark knight rise ? your comment make no sense therefore you are invalid
1	all trump 's and pense 2020 merch is being made is china and not the usa . ... maga ? ? # votethemout2018 # trumpsarmy url
1	build the wall ! vote republican ! not perfect by a long shot . but so much better than the alternative anti-american ! ! !
1	for sale - buy # american # flag # usa shopping-sale .org # usa_flag_4u # shop_8_9 # maga # americafirst # trump # pol_8_27_qx url
0	oh ! oh ! oh ! i know ! never . # savetherepublic # votethemout # savedemocracy # vote2018 # maga my as # smartdissent
1	hello , twin . let ke correcting your typoness . our group name is ( g ) i-dle in case you are too lazy to use ( ) '' or `` - '' , you can use idle instead ``
0	she is . i dont think politics is for her to dabble in .
0	# gun death global study show u rank 2nd worldwide our partner is asking , “ should more gun control law be enacted ? read our partner 's full article and express your opinion in the # 1worldonline 's poll : # polloftheday url url
1	and people still think this administration is the greatest since sliced bread . ridiculous .
0	thats really hard hitting stuff ! why not grill him on how his party along with the bought austerity not for the rich but for the poor the sick and disabled and ask if they are still feeling the efects ? oh no you wont tory run medium !
1	authoritarianism is terrifying and destructive . right now the conservative are authoritarian neo-liberals . fascism is right wing , not left-wing . centrist politics to privatise profit but burdening tax-payers with all the risk is a bad deal and why centrism '' is unpopular . ''
1	i already knew that ! lmao so stay with u deplorable bigot ! ! we ’ re getting ready to fight for our country ! # wwg1wga
1	hope it ’ s full of pot hole and smell like shit
1	# va10 voter know is the right side of the gun issue . gun control or gun right ? the answer may help determine whether nra-financed rep. comstock win reelection url
0	stop playing the pronoun game . what side are being talked about ? because a case can be made that both democrat and republican are responsible due to both kowtowing to money from nra and manufacturer , but not both side of anti-gun control v gun control '' ''
0	how is the gun control working in chicago ?
1	empty headed bushie whore
0	how much money ha the conservative promised for housing over the last ten year ? and how many house have actually been built . there promise don ’ t add up .
1	fantastic ! ! ! the alamo is sacred to u . she is a blight on the history of time . better left erased ! !
0	hit a home run against antifa , kkk , white supremacy and the left with leftist claim fact are `` aggressive '' '' # walkaway # q # qanon # qarmy # votered2018 url
0	and do n't say anything towards me because my cousin are puerto rican my answer puerto rican none of them blame from they ai n't playing the mayor of puerto rico the government
0	i would love to be able to afford a sexy french au pair . poor me .
0	like antifa ?
1	prepared ? all she ha to say is i do n't remember '' all the time and liberal will believe her b . ''
1	just one more proof that the dnc hate the cosnstitution . this is exactly what pres . washington warned u of in his farwell address . the dnc hate the constitution because it stand in the way of their totalitarain agenda . maybe that i why they push both socialism and gun control
0	he is a vet ! ! he should know better ! ! !
0	hawd me back . hawd me back `` . ``
1	race ha nothing to do with it . either you are fake maga or ignorant either way you are now blocked .
0	say one of the thickest cultist on twitter . irony at it finest .
0	6 week sorry she should have turned it into the fbi but she didn ’ t but you can ’ t now go around saying this isn ’ t politically motivated and that they care about sexual abuse now but please go ahead believing the liberal and being just another mindless sheep
0	i ’ m sorry that ’ s how the rap game go . if i ’ m working with a producer that ’ s working with my enemy why wouldn ’ t i be like either them or me . find your own ppl . this is rap and she is well within her right to .
0	he just declassified fisa court info on carter page . he is a danger to security . loose lip sink ship is his motto
0	funny how often you see criticism of federal police and some writes both the conservative and the liberal '' ''
0	we are not a democratic republic . we have never been a democratic anything . we have never had democratic ideology . nor is this a “ new ” talking point . we are constantly correcting democrats/liberals on this .
0	doe your mom know you are on twitter ?
0	the president ’ s feeling are totally opposite of cnn ’ s feeling . so what doe that say about cnn ? they ’ re all liberal .
1	what the fuck youre so gorgeous im actually sobbing
0	i hate steffy ....... why because she always get what she want and doesn ’ t care how she doe it or who she hurt ! ! ! i knew her giving hope to liam wa to good to be true . she is such a b $ ) ; h .
0	vote for ted cruz ! # maga # buildthatwall
0	the left are the one spending all our money . it wa n't the right that gave u 325 billion in debt that wa the left . remember when the liberal screamed to high heaven when harris taklked about privitizing hydro one ? the liberal did it .
0	and when did breitbart become a reliable source of anything ?
0	and i got ta wait till march for the dlc that come out
1	so then your saying the platform of gun control and reform is nothing for them to worry about ? kind of like # kavanaugh is going to kill woman and gay ?
0	url my loyal # maga follower need to read this ! ! !
0	how can that be ? california ha strict gun control law . it ’ s almost a if criminal don ’ t care about law
1	i think i liked it better when conservative pretended that rape is bad . now they are claiming rape get better with time ?
1	maybe there would n't be 5 of these thing a day of there wa a little sensible gun control in this fucking country .
0	got ta admit ... she ’ s stacked .
1	that won ’ t happen a he is only comfortable twitting from his golden throne or toilet to most of u .
0	i agree .. but they are still conservative at heart . may hate 45 * but still have their conservative ideal .
0	the fbi ha made it so that can not buy a cell phone nor his calling cell to now call after 5 pm and weekend now but he can use his office phone 619-513-5555 he like to say he is someone else and hate me for call to fbi worked and back and know safe & amp ; llook
0	from who ? people from antifa who r mad at her ? we vote libs assault ! but shes lying so i don ’ t care ! ! maga kava
0	she is n't a radical but you are so far right you are kemp . you refused to pay any attention to what the people of georgia want and need . that will be your undoing .
0	anyone rating 100 rifle a better than deliverance doe n't deserve the right to be read .
0	funny how liberal dig up ex lover or fake when a strong conservative conadidate that will be paced .... at this point they have zero credibility . zero !
0	god never worry ’ s for he is powerful
0	every one of them is more rank than she is . and she 's pretty rank . so i guess they all outrank her ...
0	woman were treated a 2nd class citizen for thousand of year . we are supposed to be an enlightened society . there 's no reason woman should not be treated a equal now . sexual assault is a crime ! fbi need to investigate # kavanaugh ! # maga # makeamericagreatagain
0	# westminster # tory # brexit # murderrate # london what a facking khant url
0	one word : antifa .
1	good lord this woman is a dipshit !
0	for being bang 10yrs ago n now the statue of liberty ? the left have gone bonkers .
0	so will this all be hidden like the liberal hid everyrhing about the failed nipigon bridge ? ! ? ! huh ? our money and we are barred from the truth sickens me . they are communist
1	do you know what flanking and muscle flashing is with an ar15 ? ; educate yourself and close that c•€k hol~+€r ... you do n't know why u r talking about
1	boycotting nfl for the rest of my life .
1	oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive. ! give it up serena you are looking silly now .
0	omg yeah the thing is that there can be a large range of price for the same item i once bought a bag for rm20+ but i also saw another shop selling it for rm60+ like wow
0	you wan na smoke weed i dont unlike you i have confidence in myself i do n't need a larger government to tell me what tooth paste to use lol but you can always volunteer to pay more tax ? oddly liberal are the first one to complain about others not following them
0	well john started the nuke button hit being an antiamerican hater and well trump is gon na desecrate the liberal agenda and the result will be awesomeness
0	cuz he ’ s coming you bruh ! ! !
0	liberal own education in this country . the fault of education lie on the federal socialization of our school and the union power over school board . look where the worst school are ...
1	this whole thing ha been a sham from the start !
1	creepy old pedo desperately trying to be relevant . just an old guy from the old world which trump ha shattered .
1	your husband is a despicable person . he is a narcissist who care about no one - including you- but himself .
0	you forgot to not run for office or disagree with diane feinstein or liberal or have wrong think .
0	which blood if you like baff in the blood you dun see am . breez and nip is that you are looking ehen that one you just looked at nao ehen
0	i mean if she is planning on starting tour in february like she said then they will most likely go on sale end of september-beginning of october or somewhere around there
0	real victim of sexual assault/harassment see how liberal are politicizing this horrendous act of betrayal . it make me so angry . i wa a victim . but not to remember detail ? i call b . ptsd still effect me to this day 42 year later & amp ; 20+ yr of counselling . ask my husband .
0	this is all you liberal have because you 've been brainwashed to think this way . # growup and # walkawayfromdemocrats
0	# thescore happy birthday again ! ! lucky lovely charm ka ng you are stunning ! ! - hiphop ka minsan sa game ha ?
1	.you cry baby liberal will have trump for a total of eighjt great year ! ! ! get over it . # maga url
0	so you ’ re the same people who vote for le gun control when we have what i dunno 23 school shooting just this year and 2 fatal shark bite incident since 1936. you sure really care about human .
1	you forgot to tag your bulletproof bullshit mate . you got sucked into the vortex tom and now you are drinking all the koolaid .
0	hooray ! !
0	i see antifa a a war on peaceful assembly
1	& amp ; terroism & amp ; starvation & amp ; flint & amp ; poverty & amp ; climate change & amp ; global warming & amp ; sex trafficking & amp ; bullying & amp ; body shaming & amp ; police brutality & amp ; feminism & amp ; gun control & amp ; march & amp ; protest
0	desirable ? give me a woman over 30 anytime over a girl in her 20 anyday . to much to teach them and you ca n't relate on a higher level . you are beautiful and any man would be lucky to have you .
0	she is indeed very cute
0	jonathan haidt 's the righteous mind '' should be required reading in high school . part of the book elucidate exactly the problem conservative like shapiro contend with : they think everyone thinks/acts like they believe they do - making choice rationally and on principle . ''
0	yes ! you are !
0	congratulation joe you deserve to a nice treat after all the hard work you are doing each and every day keeping u sareptians informed . i know u ca boy appreciate you .
1	no way .... way too much talent on the goony . i ’ d like to see yall v them tho real shit my gz .
0	thank you iron lily for very beatiful pic with harley davidson bike this look like an easy rider modified sportster url
0	it a shame that you are not on tv
0	when will you and the rest of the # msm go after # keithellison and the report of abuse about him ? .. seem like you guy have 2 standard when it come to covering harassment claim against liberal ( ignore or downplay ) then conservative ( 24/7 coverage assuming guilt right away ) ..
0	you should 've followed flake 's lead and left the senate ! you are one unpopular guy . always working against the potus . just another rino in the senate of swamp creature !
1	. fake conservative and their fake outrage over the budget betrayal url url
0	this day in liberal judicial activism—september 17 '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	so and accusation by a libtarded trump hating liberal activist against a trump appointee doesnt make u wonder if the accusation wa politically motivated in the slightest ? no ? this is why conservative think u are all stupid . because u are .
1	cali already ha some of the most strict gun control law in the county . and you ca n't blame this on on indiana .
0	im waiting for qdrop . # wwg1wga # qanon # qarmy # maga
1	at least we have brain to fall out '' in the first place ; unlike conservative who believe everything their handler feed them . ''
0	you sound like the nra saying it ’ s too soon to talk about gun control . if they were close to car a u say they would have seen the perp . stop making excuse . the child is the victim here . if there are ppl who don ’ t know— parent : never leave ur child unattended in a car . ever .
0	and hillary won the 2016 election ?
0	pro rate them just a you are the beginning position .
0	thank you mr president trump . # maga
0	it used to mean the permanent power that be '' , the `` oligarchy '' power . now , for `` conservative '' it 's become like `` antifa '' , it 's an amorphous , faceless , everchanging cast of character used to throw shade at anyone who `` opposes '' trump . jerome corsi sold this lie best , recently . ''
0	i 'm not sure if he is really on a low carb diet . most hospital do n't carry low carb muffin lol .
1	steroid girl in steroid rage
1	or maybe to pay for their protest since mnuchin shut that slush fund down . probably going to pay for antifa riot . busing in people and weapon .
1	why do white liberal imagine white people have some power ? white people have been trained for generation not be racially aware . white liberal are the most anti-white racist i know . what power do you imagine white people have that other people do not ?
1	unless he is like that old skin bag cher . she just coming back and coming back . # stretchedface
0	# dontmessaroundwith conservative . dismiss them with prejudice .
0	i think you are confused about who wa locking people up
1	believe all woman , even those who ca n't even offer any specific detail . '' `` these other woman are liar ! '' i know liberal are hypocrite , but try to stay consistent through at least one event . ''
0	# tory # labour # ge2017 # conservative conservative url will have a huge impact on building the affordable home that thousand of people across the country desperately need . '' david orr , chief executive of the national h… url
0	but gun control will keep the terrorist from shooting
1	cause they 're asshole
0	is this you disavoving antifa ? are you going to start condemning the many death threat against our president ? will you come out and denounce the vile hate spewed at the president and other republican ?
1	we are playing clue based on a high school party in the 80 when a federal judge wa in his teen . doe anyone really take this seriously ?
0	7. you both don ’ t live to impress people but you are comfortable in your skin and still bring out the best in each other . # adamandeve
1	he got his chance and blew it
1	disappointed in taylor . serena wa wrong . don ’ t use your gender to be disrespectful . serena should apologize to the winner & amp ; ref
0	now that 's what i call gun control ! !
0	& gt ; new people 's army from the philippine is being helped by antifa in the usa and vice versa i suggest you send this to the philippine government contingent . they need to know about this !
0	it 's her choice her life ... why would you want someone at your wedding if they do n't want to be there . at least she is being honest .
0	hollywood drone !
0	aww she is so beautiful a always
1	omg no . you have no idea wtf you are saying . it ’ s like a pink sheet stock that keep reverse splitting . will eventually be worthless to everyone . but hey may keep dreaming . we all need dream .
1	the people of pr tried telling u this last year but you were too busy bashing trump with mayor cruz . to you people 3000 people life were worth it to try to make trump look bad . you are all a disgrace !
0	or the one we lose when the nra challenge reasonable gun control measure a unconstitutional a they did the new law that the # parkland kid helped get passed in fl .
0	election have consequence . and if the left continues the direction they are heading in they will not win another one for a long time . # keepitup . # liberalismisamentaldisease
0	antifa get shot right in the nut // phoenix // gas can url via now there 's a challenge for a no-scope kraber .
0	here come the he wa no angel '' argument . she is guilty of breaking and entering and murder . who care about some flower that may or may not have been planted there by police . ''
0	# trudeau and the # liberal have the ability to stop it but choose not to a it serf their agenda of turning canada into a third world ce pool . a socialist 's dream . # cdnpoli
0	a it should be !
0	doe n't he partly fund antifa ?
1	thats is not what i wa saying .. read my other tweet to you . i never said that .. you sir are putting word in my mouth ! liberal really are just asshole .. cant have a civil discussion !
0	remember when ok wa ok. # tcot # ccot # maga # kag # qanon # walkaway # wwg1wga # kavanaugh url
0	# diversity ha become # tribalism . # culturalappropriation is left 's 'unwinding of # america . url # tcot # conservative ''
0	that 's nothing new she wa going to vote no anyway ..... we will vote no to liberal in november .... url
0	she is so right !
0	it is true . the sullivan act innnew yourk wa enacted specifically to disarm ethnic minority . they fkat out said that wa the purpose when it wa enacted . gun control in new york city is based on that law to this very day . gun control doesn ’ t disarm the privileged . not at all .
0	doe skip realize that by saying you should become a professional tweeter that he is kind of shitting on sport caster ? how many td reception skip have this year ?
1	4 . ) most disliked oc- amai v most liked oc- kira amai is pretty much a freaking bad daughter . she killed her mum and little brother just to run off with some man . kira is a pretty sweet gal who love her father very much and just love to be loved ! she is also a determined gal
1	snowflake - whine whine whine # maga baby url
0	he will never live this down ! you know he is furious ! can u imagine what world leader will be thinking when they meet him‼
1	no we don ’ t ! there ha been video of trump supporter blocking kkk and sending them away ! we don ’ t accept racism . he said “ there are fine people on both side ” . that includes antifa but go ahead and pick and choose your information .
0	. concern about # a8 and charter wa and is bipartisan . url url
0	maybe the reason you are gaining so many sub is because you are a hard working awesome youtuber : d
0	um it ’ s right in front of your face . these big-tech giant are censoring conservative every single day . dems constantly calling for “ sensible gun control ” and sometimes outright the repeal of the 2nd amendment . conservative idea are shut down on college campus ...
1	california - creepy fake uber driver try to follow woman into her home # maga # kag # california # fakeuberdriver # bodywraprestraint # crimenews url
0	twisted dem talk exhibited a sen feinstein insists kavanaugh answer how he would handle a specific case . seems ginsburg rule not important to her when she is fishing for a specific answer !
0	you in front of me i 'm in front of you see you or love you what to do i do n't know ... how did this happen you are mine see you or love you ... url
0	yet they have n't . how do you know they are actually antifa member and not far right pretending to be violent antifa to make people like you think they are so dangerous . hmm
1	i heard ur cock wa big and lonely
1	even if the # sexualmisconduct is by # gay 45 yr old # gop # men - they 'd call it youthful indescretion & amp ; get a # mulligan from # hypocritical # evangelicals & amp ; maga * sshats . url
0	followed all those that i haven ’ t . please follow back .
1	disgusting .. pedophile
0	i read ur bio and now i feel like u owe me at least $ 20 for putting me through that .
0	liberal defend islam yet know little to nothing about the ideology . a a middle eastern christian i pay close attention to what the muslim people are up to .
0	and trump ha to go .... i ’ ve got one word # antifa
0	take a vacation ! # wwg1wga # maga
0	it wa strapped to the back of russell jeep a part of the troll stroll video that had tinys profile banned for thirty day because they drove around neighborhood they believed antifa lived while making violent threat and screaming we 're triggering folk today '' ''
0	yes usually in those country people kill gay cuz religion advise them to do it and try to point this out and antifa will beat you . no matter how u try in america to help gay in those country it will have no effect cuz those ppl hate america .
0	... and she is in the process of removing the # status # heandshe # newstatus # comingsoon # hplife
0	a lot of people in america have serious concern about the amount of lying you and your ilk are doing
0	if you stand up for what 's right ? the conservative were mad one of there 's crossed but it 's ok for a liberal . that 's double faced !
1	resign ! ! ! you ’ re an idiot ! ! ! url
0	‘ she ’ s not in charge of the senate ! ’ watch megyn kelly unload on ford for demanding an fbi investigation '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	ever see when someone is stuck in quicksand and get the brilliant idea to reach down and pull their foot out ... = espn
0	where did i say he is unplayable ? that wa the other guy . but v houston on the switch in a potential first round series ? sheesh it would n't be nice
0	... is he the insider working against trump ? ... really look that way - release the hound ! !
0	i love both of u but more jennifer a she is my first crush and love
0	why do conservative always assume that a woman making these allegation is lying ?
0	she is so beautiful !
1	paris terror attack brought to you by eric holder on behalf of the obama administration . oh but gun control '' . url
1	# roseannebarr never hid her # racism inexcusable but we know # liberal sunk her because of # muslimbrotherhood comment # priority # blacklivesmatter we must # unite to end # racism . # roseannebarr ha been an open # racist for decade . 100 inexcusable . # pcliberals # wakeup end # racism url
0	i know . why should they ? # englishconservatism
0	10 city to avoid this winter
0	she is a junior and ha better priority than a lot of adult
0	i would starfleet antifa wa here to witness . rip
0	fun fact : i nutted to this url
0	hi there ! we love what a huge fan of camila mendes you are ! would it be alright if we used your tweet about her in our promotional material ?
1	the “ law and order ” president really hate law enforcement ! lol # maga url
0	oh my gosh ! ! i love her ! ! ! ! a beautiful loaf & lt ; 3 you are an angel for taking care of her !
0	you 're welcome and i do mean it . you are super cute
0	i ca n't help it if i like having air clean enough to breathe and i do n't like the 1 % er doing everything they can to keep the rest of u poor . remember when nestlé 's former cea claimed we do n't have a right '' to water ? i * * * * ing hate clueless conservative . ''
0	buy one url
0	good vibe going towards robert ! ! !
0	agreed and what i ’ m saying too .
0	and sarah 's story , egad ! the producer who 's asked if he could fall for a nymphet and responds absolutely ! '' ''
1	another judge that first blame the tool then want to make them dangerous to the legitimate user guess we know wher he is on gun control out to lunch your honor sir !
0	4 ) forgiveness is useless : she is trapped by trauma for 40y . maybe if she let go of her illusion of a perfect world where “ this can not happen ” accept that she is the only one responsible of getting herself over this
0	the other is the symbol of pedos a confirmed by the fbi url
1	the liberal are really displaying hate & amp ; their message of division . republican really need to take advantage of this by welcoming the disgusted democrat that had enough with their party & amp ; want a solid policy & amp ; no more insult .
1	this is ridiculous ... unbelievable ! ! ! so this fine young man is now dead because of a stupid reason .... come on ! ! ! ! ! gun control is the solution y'all so many innocent people got killed because of gun this ha to stop
0	preaching to the choir . : ) can not be repeated often enough though . yet , in deep red state conservative '' keep getting elected . time for a national adjustment. ``
0	everyone should vote regardless of the candidate and party they support .
0	lmao ! you call this courage ? courageous act will be she tearing apart say quran and then you claiming she is your kind of woman ; ) . majority of hindu still don ’ t get offended by such act no matter what msm is showing these day
0	from the liberal medium ..... yea ... we should put all our trust in them .... haven ’ t told a single good thing he ha done .... and there are a lot of them ...
0	jimbo didn ’ t want to play url
0	and yet she walk the wood surrounded by peace and tranquility ! she is sooo not missing any sleep over trump distraction # crookedtrump ! his so transparent . american are smart and we can see the lie ! # countrybeforeparty !
0	he wa the victim . now let ’ s hear about her blood test since she is the perpetrator . what shape wa she in ?
0	that ’ s the aim liberty # wwg1wga # maga # therainmakers # qanon # qarmy url
0	# theresamay we need a # peoplesvote url
1	good to see your hosting of the emmy ' bombed . seems only liberal like no humor . you wo n't be asked back . career killer . you were da rating tanking bomb . now go celebrate with your liberal pal .
0	her friend . probably liberal also , so i would imagine they are willing to lie to undermine the nomination . sure , she told u month ago '' ''
0	there trying that now and it 's not working . he is still getting everything done .
0	i will admit she hasn ’ t charted and i blame that on the fact that she is an artist she doe thing her own way and sometimes not following the trend or staying in a mold will cause you to fall out of the “ relevant spotlight ”
0	you are important to me so i would like that you think more in your health and rest well bc you always work hard for army . i purple you
0	it ’ s really weird to see him on the ice on another team . slap in the face .
0	are you lot trying to rival west ham for infighting amongst the fanbase ? this is priceless though . still not quite up there with west ham however . nothing will beat the antifa entryist conspiracy theory
1	adulting is knowing who fucked cut off in your future plan .....
1	# kavanaugh issue more detailed response , confirms the view that he deserves an opportunity to defend his reputation : this is a completely false allegation . i have never done anything like what the accuser describes—to her or to anyone .... '' url
1	your app is down / suck
0	anyone interested in achieving real # socialjustice instead of just pursuing the left wing # fascist 's # identitypolitics ( insisting that all minority must hate white folk ) they would be protesting the huuge multi-national corp 's ceo pay being over 100 time the ave worker pay
0	thank you ... she is my world # cartersbodysuitsweepstakes
1	you are under a delusion if you think calling hrc backer idiot is attacking the messenger . they are not the messenger they are the one that signed for and took delivery of the message . but that wa packaged and sent by the dnc .
0	i am upset . you know why because i remember following you based on the content of your post . i followed you around the 2016 election . you and many others lkke me were fighting for hillary against real sexism and stupidity . all i asked wa why do liberal attack other liberal url
1	this stupid game you 're playing is not going to work and kavanaugh will be confirmed ! # confirmkavanaughnow # maga # trumpstrong # americafirst # draintheswamp # voterepublican # trumpstrong # winning
0	7y/o : do you think i could jump that ? * gesture to a dead raccoon on road * me : probably . 7y/o successful jump raccoon with her bike and i ’ m super happy that she is kind of dead inside like me .
0	so kerry thinx bcuz an anti leftist narrative ha bin spread+ 'heard ' by everyone in washington that it qualifies it a ....... fact ? thats not how fact work u dumb leftist ! thats called an intentional smear spread to create a lie to use a a talking point for desperate dems
0	go head and switch from nike to gun control now url
1	2a and putting an end to these antifa fuckwits . pardon the language
0	somebody 's terrified . what will happen when the # american public know the # truth about what you 've been doing ? # drainthedeepstate # maga # trump2020 # kag url
0	straight up different . thank joe biden for that one . i also wonder the outcome if her name had been antifa hill .
0	spill the t si hehe
1	just listening to juan williams on the five drive me crazy . he is such an ignorant man . where doe this man get his fact ? thank god for jesse water and you lady !
0	good
0	//he is a detective so i mean i guess they could work together
0	enjoying this williams & amp ; pc crowd tantrum . karma .
0	someone need to give this woman a puppy . she is not enjoying life .
0	hopefully he is a titan sooner than later : )
1	business is business . i love this story . url
0	she is backon twitter
0	she is asking question there are no answer for .
1	they 're still building and hiding nuke but yeah your pop got played like the udiot he is .
0	dude hasnt been sober a day since 7th grade idc what it is at this point he is broken
1	lol every gf and ein track . whole as album pahh
1	wow ! ! ! no wonder the liberal only got worse a a party of bully to woman ... ? ? ? no accountability .
0	look like the joke on liberal again . # forttrump # poland # boomingeconomy url
1	anita hill wasca liar then and she is a liar now .
1	it started with cameron and may is even worse . she is not a conservative !
0	# liberal making life unaffordable by taxation url
0	they really do n't care who he is . only that he will act a a judicial alt right operative on the supreme court .
1	think they 're trying to be funny or it 's a dog whistle to prohibitionist . either way it 's a total fucking disgrace and belittles cannabis use . wanker .
0	yes . and you would n't accept that you 're better . because that 's just how nice you are .
0	no wonder he is being apologetic and more social these day ....
1	damn hope you find some bitch i bought some yesterday lmaoooo
0	it just mean you are one step closer to getting rust in there : )
0	he 's worried about his bottom line that 's what upset him
0	prayer you are missed .
0	just in case anyone missed it ! ! ! # maga # trump2020 url
0	gee double standard over here the left call them hero .
1	yeah . peaceful because the right .. well .. know they 're right . no counter protest . unlike fascist antifa . a for 7k .. who counted ? dianne abbott ? ? ?
0	doe penn state produce criminal too ?
0	yes im the cousin of the infamous cheese !
1	he is gay . he ’ s a sick pervert he get on my nerve
0	must have writing his material ...
0	people do speak out for gun control & amp ; against gun violence . if you don ’ t see it you ’ re choosing not to pay attention & amp ; that ’ s just wilful ignorance on your part .
0	liberal dictionary : -illegal immigrant : dreamer -trump supporter : deplorables -ms-13 killer : human being -human being in the womb : not human being -antifa : protestors -law abiding nra membbbqers : terrorist -bill clinton : feminist -brett kavanaugh : predator
0	* babysitting 3 kid * people : ” how old do you think she is ? ” “ she ha three kid ” me : * dont get mad . don ’ t get mad . they don ’ t know . they don ’ t know *
0	10th duet with my cutiee angel she is damn awesomee in this her expression just killing love to do this nly for u # mybubblygirl # anupama # dreamgirl # bco love u my cutiee doll url
1	opportunist to the max . an evil lier also . url
1	reason is he is in a small market on a mediocre team .
0	liberal wasting our taxpayer money on this b !
0	there are three cardboard box full . come pick out a haunted cardigan !
1	what about all the refugee that destroy the country ( radical islamic ) ! ! you will get out them to their country ? # cleaningcanada # canadaelection2019 # canada # conservative
0	he 's not wrong !
0	i will retweet anything to do with the terrorist that call themselves antifa
1	medically treat the addict and the mentally ill gun shooter for the medical cause 1st then no need for a wall or further gun control
1	i tried to remember ? i don ’ t under your joke . i lobe conservative like yourself because your so inept .
1	conservative believe all person of color are a priori guilty of crime therefore when poc are denied their right in extrajudicial killing no conservative ever question the killing .
1	he is a man who allowed the wife of one of his coach to be abused for year while he covered it up . and threw everyone including his own wife under the bus to help himself when all of his lie ( he never thought anyone would know ) came out . he is a total po
0	thank you laura for bringing president trump supporter together ! following all # maga patriot !
0	i think his character rubbed off on my knight . she is somewhat witty like him , such a when she say i do n't need to see you when i can smell you '' to the sith on alderaan . he wa a good master . ''
0	you people are so laughable leave them alone she is gon na be great .
0	we do n't want socialism . we do n't want open border . we want better gun control law . we want our immigration law fixed . the buying power of our dollar ha decreased since trump took office . we want healthcare for everyone but that doe n't mean we want socialism for everything .
1	you are such a fraud & amp ; doing the fight against anti-semitism an extreme disservice .
0	chris you are just stiring the pot and it is a political dig . how about texas how were thing handled there . pr wa a totally different situation . how did you help ?
0	maybe he is making amends before # openselection pass at conference .
1	it make my skin crawl just looking at this woman - theresa may is a liability to our nation and and must be removed asap
0	well do some research and dairy and gluten allergy are major problem with mental health from anxiety and depression to bi polar and schizophrenia .. it a tough diet but if you are sick of feeling like you are it way worth it
0	just go to show you can be deluded and misled on several and subsequent occasion ! i ’ d ask dr lee for an urgent appointment on the ground of the fact you keep getting these delusion !
0	nice list . of course i am against gun control . i am also in favor of freedom of religion . people can believe whatever horseshit they like . they just need to keep it out of school . creationism ha no place in school .
0	why did feinstein not come forward with that letter 6 week ago then ? no need then to question him way back then ? lol you liberal are very funny . i am sure the # metoo movement appreciates the set back you all just gave it .
0	boy you sleeeeeeepppp as be ret on pansy or bailey tonight
1	all you need to know is he is empty inside
0	hey # beniesanders they all ca n't come to u ! come on . we have enough problem with your # antifa .
0	i believe that serena would not cheat . yet even her manager ha admitted to breaking the rule . this wa not her finest hour . first a temper tantrum then calling the umpire a thief . that crossed the line . she is the one that should apologize .
1	# prouduncle she is the finest cheerleader of them all te amo stinky butt url
0	death threat '' . where are the police complaint form , where are the field note from the police , where are the recording ? sound to me like # antifa is staging it to push the narrative of the # socialistdemocrats url
1	she ? to whom are you referring to ? hillary ? you know what is tiresome ? bernie supporter bashing hillary clinton . she is an actual democrat who raise money for the democratic party and doesn ’ t bash them . she ha a positive message . so who is dividing the left ?
1	i love it when the liberal say the word debunked kind of like when hillary said it and she said it with such anger and forosity you knew she meant it but it wa all bullshit ..
1	democrat and their double sided hypocrisy . is this any surpise ... # maga # confirmkavanaugh # pjnet url
0	school food as anyways
1	deep throat
1	beto is a joke
0	why do n't liberal understand that an allegation of drunk teenager who do n't have sex is not a federal crime ? golly moses- what is wrong with those people ?
1	so is fox news now campaigning for the fairness doctrine or is this just republican using the power of congress to force private company to broadcast whatever the gop say a truth ? when will nra tv have pro gun control nra member on ?
0	liberalism ha being remarkable sucessful at taking over both side of the political spectrum today 's left are liberal ( with emphasis on minority issue and welfare ) and today 's right are also mostly liberal ( with emphasis on nationalism and anti immigration )
0	what a dilemma ! # maga # news # nikeboycott # colinkaepernick # nflfootball # nfl # trumpresign # cnn url
0	you are runnning on the word of something you didn ’ t see
1	finally ! no more terrible take of the nfl owner are racist '' ''
0	creepy !
1	deep corruption in the puerto rican government is the cause for the ppls misery . billion sent & amp ; you don ’ t have the foresight to harden & amp ; secure the power system on an island that will most likely get hit again . this is the puerto rican ’ s government m fault .
1	idc if you suck i just wan na have fuuun
0	and you say liberal make false promise ? how ’ s that wall coming ? how ’ s that denuclearization of nk coming ? how that “ tax break ” working out for you ? nice ole tariff we got there huh ? but yea keep on saying wild outlandish shit to make you feel better
0	i agree 100 % & amp ; then some ! please go to work ! that 's 49 senator who need to please take a stand against the obstructionist liberal ! quit allowing them to make you look inept ! lead or resign ! url
0	cmon eddie . there is no reason at all for you to be so rude . if i recall you are always begging for her back when you guy stop talking . stop trying to make it seem like she ’ s a horrible person and you ’ re this amazing guy ... lmfao
0	had you radical liberal supported president bush 's plan to allow young people to invest 2 % and only 2 % of the social security into the private marketplace we may be solvent by now !
0	where is boy wonder on gun control ?
0	i suppose if the anti-trumps had accepted their loss with grace , did some soul searching and worked to draw voter , then the animosity would n't exist . instead , pussy hat , antifa , trump supporters=nazis , the resistance , '' impeachement ... we acknowledge your animus and return it . ''
0	it would
0	good riddance !
1	yea that ’ s a crazy as story . like how do you go into the wrong apartment . there ’ s number on door . and wouldn ’ t you notice a soon a you walk in and it ain ’ t your shit
0	not smearing canadian conservative . reread my first tweet and tell me again that i ’ m wrong .
0	url i read wage of rebellion- which had some beautiful moment - but some of it made me suspicious and this article confirmed some of them .
1	this maga would spend more than you & amp ; your homies together .... now stop ya whining ...
1	trump call them very find people so let talk about group like antifa and black life matter people that ha form to fight hate group y ’ all would like to apply some type of moral equivalency to hate group and them just like ice wa form to stop illegal immigrant we luv them
0	( i know there are parent among my mutuals/followers and lot of you are great ! but i ’ ve had to deal with a lot who are laser-focused on an outdated idea of what early childhood education should be )
1	they thought she would win so they could implement the last part of their plan to use the guillotine from china and blade from mexico . # maga # lockthemallup # confirmkavanaugh # wwg1wga # patriotsunited # godblessamerica # godblesstheworld # godblessourmilitary # 100thmonkey
0	world need much much more of this . antifa are venom .
1	that shimmmy— ok ok ok. you are that bitch . lmao jk
0	it wa n't a if he wa bothering her . however , after a moment she looked up from her phone and sighed . i 'm sorry , growing up the way i did , i 'm a little bit of a hard as , when people give me compliment , i apologise because you did n't — ''
0	a opposed to the utter lie that were told to gain the no vote in 2014 ? you are a funny man ...
0	# tory # labour # ge2017 # conservative conservative url jackiedp : this is great news . we need more affordable home to support family . a for me i am # proudtobeaconservativefromacouncilestate url
1	bull shit ... stop putting word in people ’ s mouth .
0	i didn ’ t watch and will not watch watching the september 11th story and how we came together and stood shoulder to shoulder made me proud even with all of our issue yet the people playing a damn game can not stand for this moment—protest on a saturday .
1	liberal ruin a life doesn ’ t matter a long a they win in the end ! must stop ! the have no conscience
0	he will get what he deserves in the men prison ........
0	it 's not your name . you 're account is a fake a a 3 dollar bill . you are about a dense a stale unleavened bread .
0	who the hell doe think he is to say that dr ford is mixed up '' and is not to be believed . he is only showing his stunning ignorance about the issue and his partisan bias . he ha n't even heard what dr ford ha to say nor doe he know her . horrible man . ''
1	im that girl that said “ what the fuck ” — nah i wish i had the money for that concert but thatd be my reaction too lmao
0	i checked ... # followed
0	maxine water is inciting violence against conservative . thank goodness her minion ’ s switch blade wasn ’ t working and he couldn ’ t get it to flip open to stab the conservative house candidate .
0	your sister brie is s perfect wife and mom who love and respect her husband she is not like you and you always love to grab or grind with other men
0	best news ever for gop . ready the straight jacket .
1	is n't it great how liberal ignore the pain of their victim because they are democrat . it is really sick .
0	all i see is this when i see this guy url
0	you are so cute
0	kane trying to stay relevant ? ever thought the cat were beaten by a better/hungrier side ? he is kidding him self if he think they were worried about whacky wednesday instead of concentrating on a footy final . # flog
0	sound great ^^ i already came up with 2 dumb drawing involving her that im not sure if i should make or not .... espacily since i havent even read the chapter of the manga where she is in yet
0	good lord .
0	worry about college . your 15 min of fame is over and you have no clue .
0	a maga a hat would make that pic legit !
0	i believe soros is also the main financier or his socialist organization are of the antifa protestors - more paid actor .
0	that describes how i feel about the liberal at any level
0	you rotated him the wrong way and now it look like he is gliding .
0	oh deargod ! you 're a veteran for gun control .
0	please retweet this # trumpnation # trumptrain # maga # kag # drainingthedeepstateswamp url
1	coming from the man that threatened to try and kick turmps as now do n't that take a set of ball 's
0	a we say here in the south “ bless her heart ” !
0	googlers are weird fear monger # maga
1	doing soooo much better than the big zero and his loser
0	freedom of speech is only if you agree with the left
0	# maga sing like no one is listening love like you 've never been hurt vote gop when no one is watching and do n't listen to liberal ' dirt
0	he is great ! awesome song ... i love walk on by and what it is best !
0	eye just want rice lmfaoooooooo
0	better bring out antifa
0	14. how kind she is
0	ppl need to remove the name trump '' & amp ; put his shadow unelected administration are doing x y & amp ; z. a anonymous said they are running the wh . not taking away from spawn own complicity however if you think he is making decision alone you are fooling yourself . ''
0	thank mr. president . please declassify the doc closer to the election so we can all see how corrupt the dems are . maga .
0	we would rather keep bieber than trudeau . you are welcome to trudeau
0	let ’ s not forget the treatment of sarah palin by these same california liberal . and now they say kavanaugh ‘ s accuser is being bullied ?
0	because he wa and is ! he is the one who responded so quickly to what we know now wa a false flag attack caused by the deep state ! president trump could n't have picked a better lawyer . they have everything ! # qanon # neverforget # maga
0	so what ? we all have concern on gun control but one man is not going to change our problem . it is much deeper than that .
1	or maybe this ... the very fine people '' the dipshit `` president '' wa talking about . antifa is n't the `` left '' . they 're a fringe , far left , anti fascist movement . to lump the `` left '' in a antifa is to lump the `` right '' in with the neo nazi 's and kkk that vote with you ... shhh . url
0	would you resign with the boy ? just curious and honest question have you gained any perspective of why yall parted way ? being serious cuz you are a bad ( positive ) receiver !
1	arrest her immediately . she is a wicked crazy democrat
0	he is safer than a bomb shelter this year and next .
1	someone please call for gun control because the bengal ca n't stop shooting them selfies in the foot url
0	rod rosenstein – agent of the deep state coup - flopping ace - url … url # deepstate # deepstatecorruption # draintheswamp # kag tw347
0	why do conservative have such a hard time testifying ?
0	keep telling it like it is ! # maga
1	i think you say and write more intelligent commentary than most of the host at msnbc . fake liberal with big corporate blind spot .
1	she make me sick . she us these confirmation hearing and investigation to campaign and for photo ops . she is a junior senator that is way out of her league .
0	you are welcomeeee ! i also love your other song ! you deserve an island : d
1	i bet he is sayin wat his daddy say most ... do n't start me baby '' ''
0	i added a video to a playlist url combat mon frere v ismael et maga assassin v david le boxer ( yfc 2 )
0	this is # maga 's first victory lap . i 'm up for the vote !
1	she is dickmatized
0	is now a good time to talk about mental illness and gun control ? asking for a very concerned friend .
0	it 'll be the lack of a range of good olive oil that will cause my mayhem
1	just what a communist would do ! destroying america ! lock him up ! trump2020 maga !
0	63 million american understand embarrassed ... we dealt with watching our country being divided by progressive ideology for 8 year ruled by entitled and elitist liberal ! yep .... url
1	so true ! poor basement dweller ! !
0	you are my only friend '' on twitter . i joined this cia/nsa front group to keep the lion meat fresh . but there are alternative that are not enmeshed in the anal cavity of the deep state . perhaps you might consider them . i would switch in a ny heartbeat and close the account . ''
0	nigga thought it wa gone a 44 point game ? ? ? funny to ya boy
1	i saw it but mi * rosoft suck at translation
1	there is no such thing a an antifa warrior '' . they are all coward bitch . marcus smart is tougher than that by far ''
0	he is an emotionally detached and cautious man . his youthful ( 1965 to 1970 ) military service and connection to naval intelligence have never really been talked about . i think that there is still some deep throat stuff that wa hidden by the outing of a confused mark felt .
0	those are old photo and in no way represent antifa '' . it 's a small group of delusional people who call themselves antideutsch ( `` anti-german '' ) who have tried to co-opt the anti-fascist movement and claim that anyone who is not anti-german and pro-israel is antisemitic and racist . ''
1	better hurry she is pretty old
0	the black helmet would have been hotter
1	perhaps fbi etc . should look into orrin hatch closet and investigate what he is hiding sex offender always stick together
0	he basically said i am changing the second character because i refuse to be associated or share the same last name a the rest of you .
0	engaged in another activity involving . he is looking away from the road to a camera . that is literally distracted driving . idk how you 're arguing
1	perhaps the myers house . wynn run smithsgrove and he ’ s the leader of the thorn cult . i used to think he wa my friend until he revealed his true intention . he is a madman !
0	you 're asking liberal to use reason and logic . look at these people , they have been suffering a collective psychosis for almost 2 yr and get crazier by the hour . if their educated elite '' are batsht crazy , their sheep/foot soldier are likely certifiable . they are beyond help . url
0	i ’ m just seeing this
0	i wonder if he is a chicago bear fan .. ?
1	she is saying ben , ben , when the hell are you going to do something more than just tweet crap about djt ? '' ''
0	so summer camp is relatable to detention center ? liberal will paint any picture to get a non-existent point across . # maga url
0	do n't think she did much to accomplish that goal !
0	how about we rally behind a blue wave and parse policy after . the country is in danger . you are not helping . you 're speaking from a place of # whiteprivilege stop
0	he is part of the problem in the island ... the incompetent on the governor and his work team on accepting and not having answer on every issued is our problem right know . everything in this island right now is a political issued there are no priority on human need ...
1	document must be getting close to this crook .
0	who is flake ? if flake want to be someone & amp ; heard stand for senate race !
0	is there no other platform they can u ?
0	“ antifa is bad ” how hard is it to say that ? url
1	give me a fricking break . they are worse than the southern baptist with a pagan idolatrous .
1	ain ’ t got shit done today
0	so you say . when you are older you may understand . what anyone belief is quite irrelevant -- a you yourself are asserting .
0	cause if she got the shot she is clearly the mvp i ’ ve needed of course and there is no use fighting her .
0	i do n't trust
0	antifa life !
1	# farright # psychopath # leader will now use the # invisible # press # created # catkiller a # excuse to bring back # foxhunting if she 's not gone by # christmas # animalcruelty # toriesout # noconfidence # crimesyndicate # ge2018 # criminalsoutofnumber10
0	democrat=antifa . same bunch .
0	so the march is against antifa bigot and labour anti-semitism then ? did i get that right ?
0	if gov't remains status quo we can kiss our new found wealth goodbye ! open and transparent ! nothing le ! thanks to for having a spine ! # maga # purge # buildthewall # sundayfunday # news # fakenews # medium # business # foxnews
0	hey brian tell u about the time you voted with the liberal to take our gun away . url
1	the gop ha blood on their hand . gun control ! ! !
1	# notokavanaugh he 'll reverse roe v wade-women 's right he 'll support special interest he 'll pardon trump if indicted he 'll destroy american healthcare act-aca he 'll favor the nra & amp ; stop gun control he 'll vote against lgbtq right he 'll violate immigrant url
1	the nov election will tell the tale . msm laud antifa ; alt-media expose them a soros-shill shithead .
1	do n't you have to weigh under 200 lb to be considered a 'porn star ' ?
0	* he scream and release 20 gallon of cum with enough pressure to make at least 2 gallon squirt from his big brother 's mouth *
0	i 'm actually having some sympathy for chris ' point here . it seems the line '' ha moved so far to the left that actual liberal have more in common with conservative than what pass for the left these day . ( 'cause whatever the left is , it ai n't liberal ) ''
1	2 way for president trump to lose in 2020. gun control and an immigration bill with no wall .
0	we know it ’ s a strategy conservative have .... not working url
1	willie ’ s hurtful response to his former fan who have quit him in drove over of his support for that little hippie beano . # maga url
1	it ’ s either they lookin for shit for somebody else or they creep
0	bless you ! ! ! are the camp organiser aware of this ? honestly why do people do this camp is supposed to be a fun safe place not a predatory ground asdfghjkl
1	griffin think she is funny but she 's not . she 's a disgusting pig ! !
0	not surprising at all . the trudeau “ liberal ” have been using it to emotionally manipulate and divide canadian since the beginning .
0	you do n't know me
1	all you do is lie . all congress doe u lie . maga .
0	where is your source for that ?
0	# 1950sbornwomen amassed their # ni gold doubloon a required by hmg who ( then stole the gold from our pirate chest when we were looking after our pirate kid # 1950swomen are pulling up alongside to blast cannon at those # torythieves because they won ’ t parlay .
1	how ? because they ’ ve been brainwashed by obama and the medium and they ’ re full of hate for conservative .
0	go home . you are newspeak
0	fist pump wa for the troop .
1	wa she physically threatening the boy or u ? wa she completely slandering their name ? no she wasnt . im honestly not for her saying that shit ya of course . like ya she said it and fucked up . but at least she owned up to it and apologized . but death threat is way out of line .
1	what the fuck
1	lmfaooooo foh w that free thought shit lmaoooo
0	out on the next tide would be more appropriate
1	# ijustdontseemyself ever supporting strict gun control . # 2a # liberals4guns # gun # secondamendment
1	you need to look at your twitter feed a little bit closer . i 'm neither a republican or a racist but that 's the only thing that liberal can say about people who do n't agree with them . a far a hillary clinton the evidence is already been presented but obama gave her a pas
1	from your lip to god ’ s ear antonio . i will do my part . let ’ s hope all conservative do their part . and stay vigilant at the poll . dems are desperate . there will be fraud .
0	bro ... he is cray mehn
0	do not donate . she is picking and choosing who she donates to . being reported .
0	6 reason ? there are more . url
1	neither doe antifa or black life matter or any other soros funded group
0	she is not in this photo . it ha not been verified that they knew each other . this story is about the weirdest i ’ ve ever heard and the texas ranger better do right by bo .
0	oh ! ! ! she look amazing thank u ! !
1	everyone in washington including john heinz is being uncovered a the corrupt elite they are ... like cockroach running from the light .
0	80 % of woman use silence to express pain you know she is truly hurt when she chooses to ignore you
0	you are the man ! ! ! ! !
1	bitch shut up .... cyberpunk wa announced way back in 2012 and just now getting revealed # .... get your fact straight
0	i thought so ... i 'm mingling ... ever since you decided to attack my opinion on gun control and brett kavanaugh . i just asked you if having a conversation with you would be worth my time and effort . so far all you 've done is prove that it is not worth the effort . have a nice day
0	oh shit sjsnsn i ’ ve had work every day since i messaged u so sorry i ’ ll make it tuesday !
0	where ’ s antifa for alex jones ? ? ? no where to be found .
1	he is too bitchy ... and you ? ! i ask a question and you dont respond why would this be 1 way street ?
0	get your point but not sure how many year they were in different district total ? but team in same district can still meet up in semi in the old district format from 2002-2017. in fact a district runner up won the 3a football title a year ago .
0	yes , watching an elitist prima donna toss a tantrum on the court when she is called out & amp ; penalized for ( 'cheating ' ) getting coaching is pretty entertaining ! her coach even admitted , i wa coaching her . '' now , back to our regularly scheduled sanity , rule of law & amp ; accountability ! ''
0	also . these antifa '' and from hence shall be referred to a anqueefa by mesel . they pretty much all live with mommy . in the basement which is why they wear mask . then mommy ca n't ground em ''
1	she is by far the most pretentious little try-hard housemate in there this year . so cringeworthy . # bbuk
0	here she is
0	# maga let that set in ...... url
0	i would temporarily change party if the republican party would primary agent orange '' with a real , republican , conservative . that would maga ! ! ! at least a great start . ''
1	how blindly ignorant you are . shameful people with the deep thinking you lack can vote
0	liberal have turned everything into a 3 ring circus .
0	... do a few more line moore .
1	miriam
0	he is barely a journalist .
0	everyone please vote for vicki barbolack she is the most amazing kind hearted funny and loved person on that stage no one ha earned this more than her
0	they had sex he kicked to the curb . melania in the white house she is still on the pole . big memoir
1	another attempt of the dems to hide the truth of abuse against woman where is the me too '' movement on this verified abuser of woman # metoo are they just another extension of the soros group like antifa kkk‼ url
1	... with his stubby little arm .
0	1 year old gray/white tabby cat ( orlando ) : 1year old female gray/white tabby . accidentally left outside and is gone . she is part of our family and we miss her dearly . please if anyone ha any information on her whereabouts feel free to contact u . url url
0	.... and about “ fast and furious ”
1	do n't forget this is trump fault . just like how he is colluding to make the hurricane worst . they forgot to tell u how this hurricane wa also trump fault .
1	another village missing it idiot ! ! !
0	i. am . read . e ! url
0	actually texas is a red state that ha had too many liberal move in trying to ruin thing . so do n't cast aspersion against texas . it 's the liberal from cali . and colorado that keep moving in .
1	gop , conservative , evangelicals , traditionalist '' catholic are all hypocrite . ''
1	... bono 's attempt to inculcate the mass in his later life epiphany ... senility ha certain marker ; i guess bono ha made that clear now - sad
1	he is seething ! ! you can see it in his eye and hear it in his voice ! ! obama wa a failed president in every sense of the word ! # maga # kag
0	i didn ’ t recognise her without her antifa bandana .
1	lol another illegal antifa girl
1	the guy is not even a white romanian he is a gypsy !
0	technique is key
1	can ’ t rehabilitate a pervert zero tolerance so disappointed in this pope
0	yo why must you do this
0	do n't believe it more insincere talk from the callous conservative . url
0	keep me updated with how you ’ re liking it
0	about 1/3 of the conservative i know are pro lgbtq .
0	a harvard/harris poll conducted this year found that 48 percent of black american said they would like to see between only one and 250,000 legal immigrant brought to the u.s. a year . '' url # maga # tcot ''
0	that 's like me & amp ; flying i have never been in any airplane unless donnie take me his plane & amp ; hold my hand the whole time or i sit right next to him knowing me i would have sit on his lap & amp ; hold on to him i 'm afraid to fly
1	by which point the fuckingclass wa nearly over ... lol !
1	al franken anyone ? any assault or harassment stay with you for a lifetime . i wa sexually harassed in h by a coach . i wa 17. i remember it like yesterday and i 'm almost 60. scott newman you are scum .
1	leona alleslve wa the weakest link in the liberal . she is the last thing we need during canada ’ s nafta negotiation . it a good thing she is out of our military with her traitor tendency . get out of government too .
0	nonsense people want stricter gun control law .. your response is buy more gun . how is that rational debate ?
1	she ’ s a great comedian . where a you are a great .... nothing .
1	hey bitch daily reminder that i love you
0	let ’ s gooo ! ! ! shittin on nubes
0	he is beautiful just like his grandma bless him
1	democrat ca n't even compete w # maga url
1	a resounding no ! # maga
0	good evening . can you tell u your location and which direction you are traveling so we may investigate ? ^z
0	and who seems to be getting thing done .
0	2d is a puppet for el mierdas '' wowowow ! ! ! i wa cry when i see the video url
1	conservative would do anything to eliminate the value of laborer in this country . people worked and died for this holiday . do n't want to see it lost to some fake constitution worshiping by people who do not value the constitution in any way such a the far right .
1	silly unhinged liberal .
0	he is back baby . lol
1	god he is terrible .
0	barking mad you are url who let the dog out-bekhit fahim - youtube url
1	bono can go away now the 90 are over you sick now
1	the # child- # rape assembly line url via we can not # trust a # catholic # priest . we can not trust a # jewish # rabbi - why do we let these # people have # secret ? # greatawakening # maga
0	are conservative starting to sound like my relative on facebook or is it the other way around ? ?
1	are # conservative in # kansa joining in on claiming christine blasey ford is making false accusation while supporting at the same time ? cu that level of stupidity is the hallmark of the
1	that shit different frfr .
0	he is building it .
0	yelp . i lost confidence in them when they gave a local staple a good review . the hamburger wa fucking grey . i swear to god . grey !
1	sorry ... nothing but a setup to try and appease the socialist democratic wacked out liberal . we are not stupid
0	# westminster # tory # brexit # brexiteers exactly why the # uk is getting # outoftheeu ffs # hungary try to defend it border & amp ; the # tyrannical # eu # dictatorship stamp down hard # thirdreich url
0	i will never buy a magazine again url
1	quick preview summary : blame democrat blame obama blame gun control blame black ( passively ) blame democrat
1	you you have committed so many crime . no care what a liar ha to say . you belong in prison . # maga url
0	i 'm with ya i played the beta last night i 'm a fan since bad company 2 mind u and that shit wa fucking awful other than the gunplay which i wa fine with the graphic themself are spooky a hell it 's too bright for me make me nauseous
1	2 ) in a weird way the debate about section 33 reminds me of the gun control debate in the u . they have law that allow people to own gun designed to kill people yet are shocked when gun are used to kill people . we assumed they would restrain themselves . '' ''
0	i am trying to make a point . many people who hate the liberal and ndp party are conservative . and all conservative care about is money . they do n't have to ruin the environment and discriminate against others because of money '' ''
0	# democracy doe n't have a finishing point & amp ; ! it is an ongoing process ! url
0	omg jin ’ s laugh make me wan na laugh my whole life . he is so adorable
0	we would hang 70 plus on the frog and cock !
1	flat out clown .... bottom line is that you 're out and america is back ! ! you were a sellout to the country ... look in the mirror who 's the 8 year old ..
0	yes included . smoothing reserve put in place a conservative knew next year and year after toughest in five year cycle . prediction are proving to be correct .
0	you realize she is being tricky with the wording on purpose . she is not saying the kid in the ice center are being mistreated .
0	antifa is n't democrat . blm is mostly peaceful
1	# endpc : teaching guide for # portland public school celebrates islam , communist , terrorist , # abortion ; promotes # guncontrol & amp ; transgenders '' ~ & gt ; url # endculturalmarxism ''
0	sex is work
0	how about charge against ellison with 911 call to validate and this wa not when 17
0	she is referring to brief , underwear '' , or a the white folk say `` tighty whities '' ''
1	everyone know brown is crazy !
0	a bernie supporter tried to assassinate # republican congressman ; another assassination attempt in ca ; sen paul attacked @ his home ; trump cabinet member & amp ; supporter harassed/attacked all over the country ; when will a single # democrat speak out ? bob ?
1	monte ... who fuckin know at this point
1	2 battering ram used by liberal ; sex & amp ; racism . it is sinister & amp ; desperate # beneathhumanity
0	omg ! she is so cute url
0	it 's called fds or otherwise commonly known a not getting your way '' . antifa member hard at work. ``
0	9 time out of 10 i have the dog on my lap and if i get to rowdy he get scared that i am hurt then he try to kiss me.also he is a ham so when the camera come out he is like picture ? ! let me be in them.he photo bomb whenever possible .
1	well that 's going to send the fake maker of main stream medium and the left liberal and the power behind them nuclear . amazingly powerful world changing moment in humanity history . # qanon it 's everything we 've been told to expect ! # wwg1wga # maga # mbga
0	evil must be stopped ! he is a major part of the swamp in dc ! # maga # wwg1wga # draintheswamp # qanons # down_with_government_corrruption
0	just do n't go to bank of america unless you are ready to prove that you are citizen every time you want to get your money out of your account .
0	antifa fails
1	if isaac is 6 ' 7 now how fucking tall is that guy behind you my dude ''
0	# wakeupamerica # americafirst # maga # trump2020 # kag2020 # redwaverising2018 # votered2018 # txsen # voteredtosaveamerica # keeptexasred # tedcruz2018 # buildthewall # voterid # confirmkavanaugh # walkawaycampaign # walkaway from # liberalhate # liberalintolerance and # socialistlies # vetobeto url
0	he is a farmer thay grows the stuff they make canola from and land o'lakes refuse to dilute their pure butter ... maybe ....
0	he look sane
0	even those who voted leave did not vote for this
1	what award . head of the nazi antifa violence movement
0	doct tape please !
1	you are absolutely correct ! but your question would be better directed at the liberal in congress , the one that make conflict big business '' it 's all about money & amp ; power ! ''
1	ca n't stand to listen to that puke . i change the channel when he speaks . he belief his own lie ! ! .... they 're all nut ! ! # leftwingliberaldisease # walkaway # voteredtosaveamerica # maga
1	any amount you shit fuck
0	but do you speak up ? trump and his family have become a punching bag for the left . and this is the best we have done in a very long time . i left the party after antifa jumped in ... also they almost elected hillary . hillary ! !
0	montana restaurant denies # donjr use of it facility for campaign rally . # donaldtrumpjr # wednesdaywisdom # theresistance # maga # trump # foxnews # resist # impeachtrump url
1	nice hat hey # liberal and # democrat is living rent free in y'all 's head ... like mcdonald 's # imlovingit sweet revenge ha never tasted so good # maga # walkaway
0	1 & amp ; 7 blocking my way to hap'penis
0	never would i trust any and especially they sold out to the and stuck two finger up to the people of the uk ! ! # votelabour # ge2018now # wearecorbyn # unitedwestand
0	carlson showed u exactly who he is - a slimeball fox representative . fox watcher who love his view ate it up . normal intelligent people were disgusted by his tactic . loved that avenatti laughed in his face .
0	they had it rigged and had the medium post those fake pole to try and discourage conservative from even voting . bombshell when the working conservative got off work and went to vote ! ripped their poor nwo apart . been cry and throwing tantrum ever since . lie never stopped !
0	send in some of your antifa super soldier to sort these tommy robinson fan out .
1	url a high-tech lynching for uppity ( republican ) black ' '' is fine , but raping woman by liberal ? ' `` they all do it ” including bill clinton . ''
1	he will lose his entire career ? ? you people are despicable . i know you do not believe in god but hell will be filled with liberal like you and dianne
1	i knew he will b dead he is brave
0	i feel her emotion and almost cry when watch her saying in this film for 2nd time . she is strong
0	he is always looking out
1	i do n't see that a racist though all i see is an undeserving overbearing crybaby throwing a tantrum like only serena williams can pull off . maybe she 's the racist if that 's all she see .
0	like liberal push more gun control law to suppress our right to own arm ?
0	company that hire illegals that commit crime sb required to cover legal fee or be fined for malfeasance for hiring them in the first place . we will never solve this problem until strict law are passed .
1	but really .... well hold on . let me go comment on some girl photo with her boob hangin out .
1	you are a lying corrupt traitor ! ! ! nobody want to hear anymore of your lie ! ! ! # deepstatecorruption url
1	log doesnt give a shit i bet he eats nacho in the middle of the night in his underwear
1	so he is misogynistic cause his opinion is different ? ? i guess that make you a bigot !
1	state sponsored kid protesting the 2nd amendment ? youth invasion of d.c. took place a young fascists-in-training were corralled into d.c. to demand that govt strip away the liberty of all in the name of gun control url '
1	that stage wa such a pain in the as for terrorist hunt i loved it
1	almost every one i talked to at work today said fuck canelo . he is the new mayweather
0	# maga said i .
0	hahaha by telling me to stfu ? so hurt
0	peach is naturally human . toadette just created a drug to become human . that and nintendo wanted peach playable and needed an excuse since in nsmbu she is kidnapped .
0	you are strong girl . do n't listen to the trash talk . they do n't know anything . you just go and tell the truth . that 's all that matter .
0	80 billion dollar and he is lazy . no . it the puerto ricans that are lazy and corrupt . the u should cut pr loose entirely
0	he is quite # good
1	i love it that the wet liberal are so frightened by the u . and yet are so keen to deal with the non-democracy that is europe .
0	he is so wonderful ! i love my grandkids !
0	deplorables beware .. some light might be turned off .. like streetlight
1	if trump win 2020 and growth continues will the crazy liberal still be thanking obama 6 year from now . of coarse the will because when the argument is lost all that is left is too dispute the fact .
0	she is one big embarrassment to the american public .
1	he is telling you he know where his bum is . writes “ as ” with his bottom . what more proof of higher intelligence do you need ?
1	pls take a look at signing gordon he is the deep threat with goodwin hurt we need and only 27. come play with grop
0	you act like that wo n't be fun for both of u . '' she contemplates getting down , he 's been gone for a few minute and she 's just standing on a chair like a weirdo . just a she is about to get down she see him walk through the door . `` technically i only thought about it . '' ''
1	hollywood is packed with pedophile
0	which one ? lol
1	just keep putting your violent liberal antifa with their kkk hood beating up stranger they know nothing about out on the street for voter to see . that will do it . voter love violence & amp ; lunatic liberal out of their mind . take to the street violent liberal !
0	typical antifa type and he ’ s not worth anyone ’ s time .
1	she should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . the tragic waste of such a beautiful person ! her incompetency and hasty judgement ha ruined his family and friend life . i know she is devastated but that is little comfort to his loved one .
0	a a recent visitor to ireland . i suggest he doesn ’ t go . he is not liked there any more than he is liked in america .
0	20180917 : don pittis cbc : is the people 's party of canada liberal ? it depends on the definition url
0	lordy hope you 're wrong bc if bk get in everything 's toast- woman 's worker 's voting gay right the environment gun control everything trump will get a get out of jail free card treason perjury faithfully executing '' cotus will be ok ! i went thru this once w/ nixon never again ! ''
0	if she is so passionate , why doe n't she donate all her money to helping woman who can not afford . instead of a fancy apartment , get one for a few hundred , get a roommate and show everyone , yes you can . '' ''
0	. is trying to negotiate a deal that satisfies the she can ’ t achieve it . . would negotiate a deal for the country . it ’ s time for this coalition of chaos to fall . . is ready to serve in the interest of the many not the few !
0	here ' s a guy that 's a reliable source of information . hhahahahahahaha . just kidding .
0	good grief .
0	i would n't be surprised .
0	hmm ... thought # maga ?
1	his legacy is crap . why would anyone want to save crap ?
0	legend say that she never actually got to her phone and she is still reaching to this day
1	he is treason . he went to iran for what ? to beg iran to give them ( the treason ) more time to get the power back so they can keep giving tax payer $ $ to iran the terrorist leader .
1	real shit url
1	god thing we have beto in texas . he is for decriminalizing crossing the border . he is for reasonable gun control for texas citizen . someone could get hurt if citizen try to defend themselves . poor arizona you need a beto of your own .
0	she is getting big lol
0	she is incredible .
0	cuz i 've never been insulted by conservative ... ahahaha
1	fuck my rick ( ?
0	she is beautiful look like mona lisa
0	he ’ s lying
1	it ’ s because you are evil ! !
0	give me the pound wanka
0	she is new psychology thinker who think about religion and so aggressive on her thought before deeply think on hinduism
0	blow hard
0	the tory country first is what meant . the rest can still suffer austerity that wa caused by the rich bank . parasitic tory always have been & amp ; always will be . the evil party that is the
1	i think it 's more of a choice for ppl to stay hooked on shit
0	# welcome back to # parliament : federal liberal violated own fundraising rule # cdnpoli # ethic url
0	and i ’ m assuming the people waiting to see him and who gave it to him are just a deficient
1	so you are ok with the racial epithats that the left call black conservative ? # bigotry # hypocrisy # walkaway i did . many have . dont be blind . you are being a tool for a establishment . keep resisting the outsider and be for the political elite millionaire .
0	characterization of famous people are very funny . but not if they are black . cue the race baiters in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ...
0	this list of murder he is wanted for grows by the day !
0	. say the uk doe n't diagnose cancer early enough . he hope trial of special diagnostic centre will help in the future : url # nhs70 url
1	i dont think so .. it would mean he is in trouble . dont wish that on anyone . is n't that where the cumm inn is at ?
1	eminem may be an angry old man yelling about young people but i just really would n't care unless he would be dressed a a roblox character while rapping
0	lmfao ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! antifa cry baby . give them their pacifier back .
1	... a bunch of self-aggrandizing liberal in fancy dress mocking trump. ” except for the fancy dress , sound a lot like the dems who are trying to lynch kavanaugh ... # politics # metoowitchhunt url
0	she is probably waiting on her private pay off
1	little as boy
0	by being a spoiled entitled ghetto head ? that really '' scream `` feminist ! '' ''
1	srsly it suck . when ur living life it ’ s full of bullshit rule we just got ta suck up to survive
0	democrat gave birth to antifa & amp ; blm .
1	omg ! ! ! ! really ! ! ! # frankoz ... liberal ruin everything ... # defundpbs ..
0	don ’ t you have concern about keith ellison ? well do you .
0	anthem protester should consider what flag they could be living under ... url
0	so stronger gun control is better than leaving gun easy to access . gun control is n't a gun ban
0	he is jesus
1	she can lie in the shit she created
0	# health & amp ; # nature under threat from # uk # u url
0	that much projection is even a doozy for far left democratic socialist antifa member - amazing !
0	then you are going to be super man after the hard time you are about to do .
0	-- in the sitting room making herself a drink . her shoulder are raised indicating how tense she is . i walk over to her and start to make myself a drink a well . ] you know you made thing more --
0	irony alert . didn ’ t the under thatcher sell of most of the council house stock and now they are trying to replace it . what a joke these people are
0	it called espionage . he is doing it in plan site to help his boss in moscow .
0	there all gone tho and inputed them from bottom to top with the first 20seconds of your tweet ! you good 1 tmart
1	and people died in chicago because of you . now how stupid doe that sound you idiot
1	you fuckass
0	a new bill aim to send masked antifa activist to jail for 15 year url 40 year ! ! ! ! ! !
0	there ’ s something wrong with my tv a when liberal are on the audio simply reverts to : “ blah blah blah blah blah blah blah ” . i ’ ve looked into troubleshooting but there ’ s no fix for that a it ’ s the ‘ source ’ of audio & amp ; tv circuitry can ’ t convert the insane b into real word ? url
0	tryout for antifa ? ? ?
0	omg ... it 's like the ows crowd in their later year ! they still ca n't think/speak for themselves . they 're only allowed to parrot .
0	hope he is able to stay in the league
0	here ’ s a pic then now not so much . plus # nike then now not so much . url
0	“ we will never give up , we will never give in , we will never , ever back down and we will never , ever surrender because we are american and our heart bleed red , white and blue . president donald j. trump ! # maga # voterepublican2018 # votered2018 # americafirst # keepamericagreat ! ''
0	in 2010 the conservative cut annual funding to build social housing by £2.5bn . today theresa may announced an extra £2bn to build social housing .... spread over the next 10 year ! so by 2028 it ’ ll be a £33bn cut since 2010 instead of £35bn . i despair ! !
0	this year will go down in history . for the first time a civilized nation ha full gun registration ! our street will be safer , our police more efficient , and the world will follow our lead into the future ! — adolf hitler , 1935 all gun control start with safety '' . it 's all b . ''
1	he is a communist fool ! ! ! !
0	the liberal are the one arguing to take away our right
0	all we need now is a gang sign
1	another democrat scam . republican do n't fund terrorist group like antifa to threaten people . ... but go ahead make it look real
0	also tina - one for the old school liberal .
0	you are sharper in retirement .
1	he is dead so um irrelevant & amp ; he wa murdered .
1	the left have become a bunch of thug . # nancypelosi # chuckschumer
0	so it is ok for congress to take away the constitution like they did ? you realize congress just took away all gun control law when they threw out article 4 sec 4 u constitution .... all gun control law come from there
0	not to mention the outrageous amount of taxpayer dollar spent on her for this taxpayer funded 'unprecedented ' armed protection for gun control sen. kamala harris | breitbart url via
0	& amp ; his fellow democrat always put partisan politics before country . the american people laugh in his face a he lie and try to bring down the most successful president in generation . why are socialist like so eager to collapse the economy ?
0	he will end in gitmo
0	just know that she is in a better place
1	kamala harris is rapidly gaining a reputation a the most dishonest senator
0	constitution day -- the most important commemoration of 2018 url # constitutionday # maga # kag # obama # clinton # deepstate abuse of power : # spygate # witchhunt # sedition= # treason
0	# politicslive # conservative told u selling council house deregulating rental housing market solution would lead to more housing cheaper rent more home ownership now look at the homeless figure sky high rent lack of tennant right profit # tory selling public land # labour
1	please tx don ’ t elect this fake conservative . he is bought & amp ; paid for with soros money . so many unethical thing in his personal history !
1	she is an activist liar who gop want to get under oath . she wo n't go and kavanaugh get nominated
0	meanwhile medium on antifa ... url
0	in 2010 the conservative cut annual funding to build social housing by £2.5bn . today theresa may announced an extra £2bn to build social housing .... spread over the next 10 year ! so by 2028 it ’ ll be a £33bn cut since 2010 instead of £35bn . no wonder there ’ s a housing crisis
1	100 % . the death threat thing is disgusting . the party of “ family value ” say antifa are so dangerous or any resistance group . ha kavanaugh and family had death threat ? inquiring mind want to know .
0	he is painter
0	whenever i see get out there and vote '' it make me think liberal are trying to rally their voter because historically have much lower turnout number than er . then i see it is about asian and think to myself `` hell they just might vote republican ! '' : -p ''
0	could it be that president trump is normal and most of washington d c are insane and totally out of touch with the forgotten middle class working people of america ? drain the swamp & amp ; maga .
0	you are right joe . i can do an interview with fox when i get back from iowa .
0	# morningjoe liberal and their selective outrage . url
0	it 's antifa ford .
0	that would be about how the dems work . still think dr f wa told long before it wasn ’ t ever going to this far because someone convinced her the conservative would roll over immediately
0	ron desantis ' cheesy as maga commercial were cringeworthy .
1	is anyone surprised that a president who would commit treason with russia to get elected would pick a rapist for the supreme court ? # mondaymotivation # deplorables # maga # marinesagainsttrump # kavano # bluewave2018 # postponethevote # kavanaugh # stopkavanaugh
0	# mbpoli # winnipeg # onpoli # canpoli welfare rate for single people in ontario on reserve small town small city were $ 600 with liberal i remember welfare rate in manitoba when i wa on welfare when ndp were in power were 500. the ndp government in manitoba gave me $ 285 for rent
0	not so bloodless for some ... because antifa ...
0	it wa surprising how fast reagan passed gun control in cali when the black panther armed themselves .
1	he had 1 offer since june ! the shitty brown that 's it ! ! stop thinking he is still good you are living in the past
0	roy moore '' `` kavanaugh accuser '' `` jeff bezos '' `` dr. melissa bunny '' `` satire '' `` distant past allegation '' # drellenbrandt # maga to most republican - and other sane people - all allegation from the far distant past are equally credible - or incredible . url
0	thank you for letting u know how you are .
1	it like saying the brown shirt afe better than nazi because they pretended to be socialist .
0	i think it ’ s a political impasse- conservative aren ’ t going to vote to force a ge and tm isn ’ t going to allow remain on the ballot paper ?
1	# lyingliberals a usual . put a republican in charge down there and see how quickly thing improve . # hurricanemaria pulled the veil off of liberal keeping people in # poverty so they can stay in power promising a brighter day .
1	joe scarborough still ha n't answered for the young woman that wa found dead on his office . he is s lying chickenshit .
0	why the focus on the proud boy ? i know you 're not a real journalist , kelly , but why not focus on the one doing all of the violence ? # antifa if you want a story ; focus on why journalist '' ( leftist activist ) are constantly ignoring antifa 's attack on people . ''
1	lol ! ! ! throwing the bullshit flag on such nonsense ! ! # putuporshutup # kavanaugh # maga # callthevotealready url
1	another crazy liberal
1	gon na need a whole as rant thread done in the utara loghat to really feel it haha
0	what i ca n't figure out is why it took so long to have a # constitutionday ! it 's almost a if some of our leader were opposed to the constitution ! # maga # qanon url
0	i wa at the laundromat just reading his comment last night he wa basically saying porch monkey wa a term used year ago and “ liberal ” made it into a racist thing and it all just snowballed from there lol
1	another war “ hero ” speaks out
0	a babe i love you and thanks haha
1	find a voice ? the voice they have is their choice to say no to having unprotected sex ... it 's not just pregnancy woman need to worry about it 's std and hiv also ... being responsible for your sexual safety is important ... in the age of # metoo you should already know this .
1	got a feeling every time deep state complains will punish them with more declass . they are going to pay for their sin ! biglly ! who need a plan to dump 11k doc and round up crook ? need to geter done ! # fnma # fmcc # fanniegate # endcorruption # lockthemallup # maga
0	anything against a conservative must be believed . liberal get a pas .
0	the enemy within seems greater at this point than compromising source and method . it ’ s the source and method we conservative are concerned about ! # draintheswamp
1	is he ? doe he know this ? you sure he 's not out golfing ? ? or maybe tweeting like a lunatic . i bet he is planning his next # magadingdong rally . he wa never president . you are just to brainwashed to realize that .
1	damn catholic .
0	whatever u may say . you are not coming in 2019
0	his paycheck will hurt her feeling
0	get her underoath and if she lie she should go to jail just like everyone else who lie if she is telling the truth she ha nothing to worry about
0	the fall of the church of rome ?
1	if by conservative you mean people that work and pay tax to help support people like you then i guess we are dumb thinking that you would appreciate it instead of wanting more and more . get a job start paying tax and see how much you love any tax and spend gov .
0	liberal do n't live in the real world .
0	there is a point where even liberal must question motif
0	boycott
0	alt right '' ... lmao ... nope , we 're just not marxist # socialismsucks ''
1	i wonder if they are sex traffic victim ?
0	antifa log tosser . url
1	he did n't pay a money for his account and stuff . so he is now a stranger . and everything it is because of his obsession for sonic . i hope that he dy there .
0	you are very creative : )
0	... and then there 's this : url # trumparmy© # allvetsradio # voc # thebrooksbrown # maga url
0	white liberal do not see black a equal but people to be pitied and felt sorry for . i use to have that victim mindset but waled away from it url
0	some people are talking crap about serena questioning her maturerity and justification of her action . if you never get burn before you will not know how it feel to get burn serena know it she ha seen it . she is tired of so she is speaking out and it is an issue .
0	becoming ..... a woman ?
0	good .
1	you ’ re not a proper country girl if a bit of mud put you off !
0	enjoyed watching the red sox beat toronto blue jay last night 7-2. prior to the game there wa a 9/11 tribute where the national anthem of both country wa played and all the player stood along the 1st & amp ; 3rd base path holding their cap over hart their with their right hand .
0	you are a good dancer and talented in drawing . my finger are like that when i vote for cnco # premiosheat2018 # latingrammycnco # cnconellen # cnco # thelatinartist # pcas # followerickonig
0	david dennison might know where he is .
1	noticed you broke away a soon a the senate started talking about the great 4.2 growth rate and salary increase for employee . your station is so crooked ! ! ! ! also negative on the conservative and praise the liberal ! # drainthedeepstate # crookedmedia
0	he is so beautiful !
0	# maga is just an empty slogan/promise that rally the sheep towards a hollow shepherd
1	& gt ; tfw she is a lesbian
0	doing pretty good hope you are well my friend tough season for both team but it happens
1	hey the only men '' not doing the right thing are # liberal and # democrat : rapist , abuser and criminal . so you can kiss my white a $ $ url
0	that image tell the story of generation of people self medicating to manage distress . ca n't count the number of people lost and like you say too many ca n't see beyond the sickening label .
0	nothing . he ’ s already showed you who he is . 9/10 he isn ’ t gon na change . & amp ; you need to leave . bc by staying you ’ re showing him that you ’ re excepting him a he is & amp ; that he doesn ’ t need to change .
0	job description : in charge of the big door . because that 's the most likely point of entry for the antifa hacker and their doxx equipment ( which is quite cumbersome ) .
0	2. this lady nail it “ brexit seems to have unleashed an angry incivility ” . unless moderate # onenation stand up & amp ; fight for a sensible moderate brexit ( for me that ’ s efta we risk becoming a # hardbrexit party rejected by moderate & amp ; replaced by corbyn url
0	maybe we are n't # qanon # qarmytrain # wwg1wga # drainthedeepstate # maga url
0	you are a genuinely cool dude .
1	nope . teaching them not to give a shit what liberal from ca think .
1	i thought the left hated gun ? and gun violence ? gun control right ?
1	i love ! ! stop your racist censorship now ! !
0	iconic .
0	state sponsored kid protesting the 2nd amendment ? youth invasion of d.c. took place a young fascists-in-training were corralled into d.c. to demand that govt strip away the liberty of all in the name of gun control url '
1	this lady is a grade a idiot or a complete and total liar . i have called her on most of her bullshit . anyone with half a brain know what she is spewing is crap .
1	exactly ... they 're all bitter
0	man can we hang out you are hilarious
1	good arrest them all ! arrest the crazy ndp leader a well . she is having her lil minion take a fall for her ! she planned this ! will she be paying their legal fee ? i think not ! the immaturity level of this goverment party is disgusting ! ! !
0	they can ’ t do that would infringe on my right and i only like it when these company infridge on people who give people who are not liberal such a myself an alternative to 1 size fit all mainstream narrative .
0	right. ! ! ! ! i do n't know what the hell he is saying half the time . i would get thrown off the show the first episode. ! ! ! !
0	terrible man wouldn ’ t you say liberal . just terrible .
0	trump supporter ! # maga
1	forget that called a con man and a kkk supporter ... she actually voted for doe n't that sum up how truly unqualified she is for florida
0	i 'm jackie~ she is a great character to be tbh
1	fool !
1	show me a gop/trump supporter mass shooter . you have a problem with me drawing and taking out a active shooter ? when i wa growing up in ssf you could open carry . then the black panther freaked out your elder liberal at the time and they took that away from u .
0	that 's literally in the bible that conservative love to thump but never read .
0	so she is famous daughter . who care about what she is doing really ? not me
1	even the parody antifa page could n't deal with this shit
1	very pathetic man !
1	the stinking medium say antifa and code pink are black radical ... every one i ever saw wa a racist white democrat and they blame their violence on black ..... bad stuff
1	good move .... he is the big loser
1	he is right though ... you do have a whiff
0	# ironicnews : # conservative who complain # liberal go # pantsonfire about # trumppocalypse am now # mad at # obama for something him not said .
0	# omg # bobbybrown sister # leolahbrown is not having it with # bet # bobby roe story she is calling out his ex-wife for fabrication and # lie # celebnmusic247 # celebritynews # breakingnews # news # thebobbybrownstory url url
0	because she is in labour friend of israel ?
0	( not th @ taking a knee ha anything 2do w/military but ) most # conservative hate him far more than they care about # vaterans smh # trumpsamerica
0	give it a rest rice eater # maga url
0	i just hope it ab how dumb he is and that shane isnt all awww let forgive him bc if he doe that im unstanning
0	dividing u is no longer working for hollyweird demoncraps or liberal # race card no longer helping you
1	hate mongering is no solution for nfl kneeler - change up your playbook loser
0	oh yeah do you ? trust me give it 3 week and you will be begging for jameis . fitzmagic turn fitztragic quick . i ’ m a jet fan take my word and thebills word he is fool gold
0	i said it yesterday . he is literally a walking embalment .
0	i am sorry but i did not hear why you were there
1	lolololololololo are u kidding me . the antifa show up at all protest to stop freedom of speech . open your eye . where did the antifa come from democrat the snake party
0	buy more icecream ! ! !
1	a band of liar eric ha a big l '' on his forehead . he is so disgusting . who vote for these people or do n't they really , it ha to be rigged . ''
1	birch me too .. da fuck
0	of course spooky dude is connected to kavanaugh hit job url # maga # teaparty # trumptrain # ccot # pjnet # trump2018 # kavanaugh # kavanaughconfirmationhearing # confirmkavanaugh
0	burt reynolds wa the first so called mega star .
0	heidi cruz started life a a brunette . now she is a blonde . god work in mysterious way .
0	4 ) the first bullet point by the fool cillizza also is wrong . this wa clearly politically manipulated just like thomas/hill in 1991. it is shameful that pundit like cillizza excuse democrat for such cynical manipulation but hold conservative to higher standard .
0	do n't you liberal want to lower the voting age to 16
0	boycott nfl . let ’ s bring them to their knee ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	it is a suicide mission if they do n't put him on the bench ! standup for # justice and i do n't mean the warped sense of justice preached by the liberal . get 'er done ! url
0	he is
0	vote red maga
1	democrat have order this mangina to shut up he is not listening just keep on going on and on in his little mind he is loyal to uncle soros his sister married into the family url
1	canada doesn ’ t need another cuck ! we already have enough # looneyleft # liberal f * * king up our great country ! # qproofs # trudeaumustgo
1	i agree he is very intelligent and i like the latest policy of a sovereign wealth fund - something i 've long supported . but he just doe n't cut through . someone like jo swinson would get the party more air time imo .
1	i can understand that and if it ’ s someone i know i ’ ll debate with them but i ’ m not willing to spend that much time trying to change the mind of someone i don ’ t know i tryed that with people and gun control and it just get stupid because they won ’ t try to understand
0	thank you we need to # buildthewall to keep them out but mandatory e-verify will get them out ! # rednationrising # trump # maga # sendthemhome url
1	he is such a piece of shit
0	i followed the detail of jim jordan 's accuser also . the accuser even stated he knew the story might make me some money '' and he is a convicted scammer . i loathe any man who would assault a woman .... i just do n't believe the bk accuser . ''
0	i 'm 11th ..... yet i still do n't want to join antifa
0	if i say you are mad now you will say i 'm tired of you .
0	* maga sense is tingling * url
1	just censored the # qanon merchandise . really zazzle ? meanwhile communism and antifa merch are allowed on your site . the constitution of the usa mean nothing to you ? well done . time to take our merch elsewhere . # wwg1wga url
1	i just threw up in my mouth . # lockherup # maga url
1	and there we go ... so according to the maga believer kavanaugh could n't have attempted to rape dr. ford because her lawyer made a donation to . idiot url
0	he is being sued for sexual assault .
0	she is now in zim from midrand let 's wait and see
0	that ’ s your opinion . barbz attacked remy the same way . now she is acceptable ? cardi is 26. nicki ’ s flow and style changed in the beginning of her career .
0	so one person lie and a lying member of congress say the judge should step down ? great job liberal .
0	. joined the show to talk about how she is leading the fight against breast cancer at listen to the full interview : url
0	actually per the rule it doesn ’ t matter if she even saw the coach attempt to coach her - she is to receive a warning based on the coach action . it would have stopped at just a warning but a you saw she couldn ’ t let it go .
1	dolt . you ’ ve become another nail for hammer trump .
0	ending the horrible trade imbalance burden from obama/bushii/clinton/bushi result in an $ 800b/year boon to the usa economy ! this is what you fail to mention . trump-o-nomics = maga [ you should try to listen to trump more closely so you can learn . ]
0	no , i 'm 100 % sure you 're watching right-winger posting thing only . and think you see discrepancy in narrative '' ? what i posted wa n't `` approved antifa video '' at all . there 's no such organization . what it wa wa a popular youtuber examing what antifa is without any bias . ''
0	confidence = rigged
0	maybe antifa can find gainful employment and join the american dream . url
0	i make a deliberate choice not to discus my lived experience of social security and any work and solidarity with people affected .
1	. fake conservative and their fake outrage over the budget betrayal url url
1	he wo n't . he 's too grotesquely fat and look like he never take a bath . he could go any time .
1	rest in pussy
0	bummer i can ’ t keep you company ... by having a public dispute with you .
0	freaking casual fan say you are their favorite .
1	or there is a completely reasonable explanation why our own f gov ’ t lied to it peep about a plane hitting the pentagon which is clearly a missile ......... url
0	antifa is not anti facsicm . just a jim jones wa no preacher . that 's all i 'm saying .
0	like my sweet baby boy who want to be a girl ? he/she is going to become a strong proud black woman when he grows up ! url
1	congratulation for putting the nfl into the toilet .
0	you are not in touch with really .
0	55-yo up woman sell portion of her own house to rebuild road in village ! - the better india url
0	you have no plan for the environment . even conservative should be able to understand that you have to be able to live on the planet to make money there .
0	assuming she is a comedian ........ thought you had to be funny with a great sense of humor .
0	lmaooo ! he watch video about different method . whole time at the gym he is brushing his hair
0	sound like a great ad for gun control
1	antifa mean anti-fascist '' . i 'm not sure there is an antifa organization , but there are million who are anti-fascist . why are you not one of them ? ''
0	is the main muckspreader for and do not be surprised about the various twist and turn of the # fake # novichok story url
0	1/2 establishment . may . panicking . trying to get u to abandon brexit . liberal .. mp . now police say they could n't keep u safe if we leave eu . they say we 'll be bankrupt . house price fall . food price rise .... url
0	look like the joke on liberal again . # forttrump # poland # boomingeconomy url
0	law breaker love these liberal
0	animal mother ! you are the man ! url
0	this is another attempt from the democratic liberal to bash a judge this did n't come out any other time and since it 's many year ago she should have to prove it and i still think they should have that vote also there a democrat running for mayor and he paid his girlfriend
0	ok. you win .
1	well if osuna did do that than he 's the as . not really sure why you went there . are you claiming i punch woman ? if you are sir you are the asshole and completely wrong . my tweet had nothing to do with osuna it wa a clear fact that giles punch himself when he suck .
1	still think she matter .
1	you ’ ve lost your mind . that shit is unsanitary af . url
0	i mean he is worth it
1	i know what that storm is gon na do ... but those photo are just the shit bro .
0	# levi # strauss take stand on gun control - url | continuous news | missoula & amp ; western # montana url
0	4a : texas medical board engaging in warrantless search of doctor ’ s office in ‘ back-door gun control ’ effort url
0	... people of good faith and high character can and do come to competing conclusion about originalism , abortion , gun control , and religious liberty . '' # kavanaugh # kavanaughhearings url
0	we the people # maga # winning url
1	absolutely nfw .
0	and that 's when you say : well i wanted to take care of you , but if you 're going to make that impossible , i guess you are on your own . i think i 'll have a steak . '' ''
1	paid protester . # votedemsout # kavanaugh
0	gosh dangit ! ! ! if we only had reasonable replica gun control this craziness wouldn ’ t happen ! !
1	it 's difficult to talk to liberal like you with a serious mental disorder read the book by michael savage liberalism is a mental disorder check it out on amazon
0	there is a full-blown coup d'etat going on between the deep state and the liberal for everything they can do to try and get trump out of power and it 's absolutely ridiculous and should be against the law
1	you are devaluing everyone 's opinion on the independent article whom agrees with me by saying they are disgruntled student or bot . just because they do n't put dr. in their twitter name it doe n't mean they have n't done 'deeply important research ' a you fondly put it .
1	look like conservative made a back room deal with her a they are best known for always playing dirty divisive politics
1	and with right winger it about white supremacy and neo naziism ? right ?
0	a super super generalised statement . what you are saying go against every economic meteric . one of the biggest reason irish/european gdp ha increased is because of freedom of movement . if you feel for the taxpayer look to nationalized banking debt first ! not migrant .
1	i ’ m gunna fucking die oh my god
0	you are so beautiful ! ! xx
0	6 people are dead after shooting spree in california .... and lord forbid we should talk about common sense gun control measure ... oh no ! ! !
1	not if you are from wisconsin . and it ’ s a bubbler . and duck duck goose .
0	# conservative have been playing defense way too long . enough . # wakeup # makeamericagreatagain # democratsdividinganddestroyingamerica
1	when atmosphere turn greenish tint from greenhouse gas and human eat human in candy bar form maybe i ’ ll care . maga ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	islamists/antifa/leftists would not allow u to lay a wreath in memory of the 9/11 victim
0	in a heartbeat # maga # kag absolutely ! url
1	the show must go on ! we must have crazy liberal screaming and throwing a tantrum inside of that courtroom ? if they let these same animal in a they did during the hearing this is just going to be another circus
1	no one is open ! you think he is sitting there waiting to get hit lol . the pick that wa called back kyle said the one of the receiver ran the wrong route again ! a route that wa need to pick matt open ! 49ers need to get their head out of their ass
1	this leftist is what is wrong in liberal college . more ppl and student will come out and will unmask this corrupt woman who is determined to destroy a good judge because she want only liberal in the court .
0	always allege that she is a poor girl and with tenacity and effort win over this position for future congresswoman ... if she win .
1	lmao ! you are still butt hurt that your loser hitlary lost . love it . see you at the poll in 2020 bucky .
0	# disgusted her constituent voted liberal # leonaalleslev # fuck off url
0	i wa waiting on him to say the hokey pokey and they turn themselves around . lol seriously what the heck .
0	you are the best # memember # memologist url
1	fucking liar she wa happy to play kate nash when you asked her
1	he ha no social grace . that is why he wa shunned by ny proper everyone know he 's white trash with a little money . he doe not know how to act and make everything about him . always . he is just a me me me po that is an embarrassment to the usa .
1	it is all about b think there any more idiot tham the liberal .
0	omg she is !
0	paid by democrat just like antifa is paid by clinton and soros
1	i ’ m 1001 you as
1	minus well keep him how he is bruh
0	i ca n't believe quin invented gun control
0	. will serve the interest of washington liberal like and will represent conservative kentucky value . # tooliberalfornky url
0	what exactly do you call gun control ?
1	same shit lmaaaaoooo . i wa just making sure !
0	congratulation to our great american president . we will be doing great thing together ! maga i-q-2 wwg1wga
0	that strict gun control is sure helping in california
1	hysterical liberal following don jr. no fact just liberal mouthpiece .
0	beer can red cabbage also owns the conservative url
0	huh ? i want gun control eliminated . i want all american to be able to keep and bear arm . if they abuse that right then deprive them of it .
1	this jerry lewis ripoff need to just go away already . the guy is so good at acting like a fool because he is a fool .
0	lmfaoooooo
0	—jameis winston— he is no longer in college whereas jimbo fisher and his school protected this sexual predator ... he need to sit in prison ... he is getting off easy because she didn ’ t filed sex charge against him ...
0	that 's how liberal interoperate the law ! one more reason to make sure we flood the court with conservative judge .
0	her face look like they throw quarter
0	beautiful alex . i hope you are feeling better . miss your smiling self in the morning .
0	you are not god and you have no idea who he is . god doesn ’ t say we can ’ t like people in fact i feel he sent u trump in answer to our prayer
1	every one is on these social medium platform arguing about who is racist and who is n't while the power that be manipulate it to push their agenda and gain power . and shit . i know exactly what ur saying im pretty liberal guy and i ca n't stand the racism discussion .
1	who doe your hair ? only asking a my pussy is getting bald and i am thinking of trying some new comb-over to hide the worst of it . # oldageproblems # maga url
0	he must not have gotten the email from feinstein
0	she is !
0	if she is lying she need to be sued for defamation of character and include chuck schumer and dianne feinstein in the lawsuit ! proof is n't substantiated by a bunch of man hating pc me two girl '' that want free sex and then abortion paid for by the government ! ''
1	just vote for god sake and move on . it be a non issue in 3 month . do not allow libtards to veer you into the trap . harden the fuck up and let ’ s go ! seriously # kavanagh # scotus # maga
1	expose these demon violating our constitution with violence & amp ; threat to run govt instead of winning at the poll ! name them domestic terrorist & amp ; jail them all .
0	not good - is this what your follower wanted ? url
1	i let it go when you said we can take away their ammo '' when talking about gun control . i said , maybe she just blurted that out , did n't mean it . but you are proving to be a leftist . that 's fine , i can still like you , but i do n't trust you anymore . ''
1	19 professor and student murdered in connecticut with .223 bushmaster xm15-e2s rifle . the nra blame gun control law .
0	we are the judge dredd 's of our nation . # tuesdaymorning # wednesdaywisdom # wednesdaymotivation # wednesdaymorning # maga # kag # makeamericagreatagain # keepamericagreat # americafirst # 2a # 2adefenders when libtard democrat call you .. via twt : url url
1	maybe she should drop the angry b $ * routine and try something funny everyone can enjoy .... like non political joke . don ’ t think she is capable of doing that .
0	follow along .. conservative paid fusion fusion paid orbis ( steele 's company ) . it 's not that hard .. seriously
0	the double life of veronique
1	# thursdaythoughts will ever admit all the other way that twitter censor conservative ? seems highly unlikely . it 's very annoying to have my main feed limited with a stupid black bird ordering me to return to the top '' . it wont even let me go back to this morning . url
0	i ’ m expecting a video from
1	the dopest most illest female artist ever ! that 's fucken queen right there hand down ! ! ! try to argue widdit
0	great list . ty . just a head up . i only fb maga profile . please update your profile if i haven ’ t followed you back . let ’ s maga !
0	love it that she 's willing to pay the price '' ... that someone else will pay . liberal are insane ''
0	you do understand we need europe right ?
0	judge dismisses lawsuit of berkeley student injured at protest of yiannopoulos event '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	riot everywhere
0	release the document ! do not listen to the antifa crowd !
0	awww his poor pocket . try something else
1	but the president . he is that bad !
0	guess she know who you are too much like by not watching you go figure : ) have a great night brett !
1	. . . . # hypocrisymuch ? . . . that 's why you are an enemy to the people # fakenews go against political opponent and hide crime from # liberal # bigstuff ! url
1	retweet to the end of time . maga trump2020 and beyond .
0	good come back . lol ! # maga
0	all i 'm hearing is we do n't care that people in this country are being unjustly treated , i 'm going to make up an excuse a to why kneeling is offensive so i continue to ignore the problem we face a a nation . '' ''
0	clearly you are right about flaw but why are there doo train on this route and rmt are striking on swr where there are guard — they have obviously agreed to the doo principle so can not understand the striking
0	join our slack
1	frenkenstien need to pay every dime back .. she ha stolen from the american people . she is a disgrace to the senate and the people .
0	what ? ? ? she is cute but she doe n't look like me at all
0	oh my goodness she is so precious ! baby make everything better ! thank you for sharing
0	god you are adorable
0	and you are a football fan too !
1	she is an hypocrite and back stabber like her bos ! she applaud this clip . neighbor help each other when they need help ? url
0	so conservative freak out about coffee cup people kneeling for social injustice nike shoe etc i think it 's the conservative that need safe space
0	i cant even imagine it . i think they would boot her off . she is the craziest reality star of all time .
0	alt right conspiracy conservative ( tm ) find common cause with alt left putin sympathizer
0	fighting the lie with one letter . # q # qanon # qarmy # maga # wethepeople # followthewhiterabbit # wwg1wga # spygate # redwaverising # enoughisenough # walkaway # propaganda url
0	it is so wrong when liberal are so scared of what we have to say that they try to stop u from being heard . # demswanttotalcontrol . # libsthinktheyhavealltheanswers # freedomofspeechforall
0	the woman is not accusing kavanaugh of stealing her lunch money . she is accusing him of assault . he need to take responsibility .
0	if not a terrorist organization '' , how exactly ha antifa not been named a criminal organization ? ''
0	. and mp praise the 'innovative # publicsector thinking ' of this week in if britain is to prosper in the 21st century , it is through embracing the # digital economy '' url url
0	woooow he is so awesome ! ! ! url
0	typical response from liberal when you 're making a strong statement thats hard to argue with .... bot ! ! great debate angie . # maga url
0	disgusting . this is just more proof that property and home ownership is a myth ... if you do n't pay the tax ( rent ) you are thrown off your land ... you need permission to build on your land .
0	more and more conservative are turning their back on because of his abuse of power . '' # onpoli # pcpo # ondp # topoli # toronto # tocouncil ''
0	yeah im thinking he might too . he is working on sam and he ha kaycee convinced he wont target her due to lgbqt . i need a mega phone ! !
0	antifa : the anarchist who want to abolish government ... by joining it url
0	she is a war criminal . by the nuremberg standard clinton and every other so and pres should be behind bar .
0	going about it the wrong way
0	good luck with that !
0	after using your product for all these year now i find out you 're actively twisting the political landscape with your immense power . that action ha directly affected me . you are attempting to damage me personally and i do n't like it . . . . or else .
0	unfortunately , the report is riddled with error . it fabricates connection between influencers that simply do n't exist , and categorizes liberal a far-right '' if they even openly debate conservative : url
0	portugal fluked their way through 2 penalty shoot out and cr didn ’ t play the final
0	hope gutierrez doesn ’ t think this will help his blue wave in the november midterm for the democrat ... by the way did gutierrez take time out last month to honor roberto clemente on his birthday ? remember him gutierrez ?
1	you are absolutely right i am a fool
1	anyone have any guess a to what & amp ; will lie about this week ? ? a ) the world is ending friday b ) give me all your money & amp ; i 'll triple it by tomorrow c ) know everything - just listen to her d ) # maga
1	zarries didn ’ t start this conversation ! it wa a larry shipper that trash talked our ship ! ! so how about y ’ all petty as larries stay out of our mention eh ? ! !
0	mom say finish up those antifa poster and get upstairs . dinner 's ready .
0	the feeling is mutual sunshine ! ! you are probably # antifa
0	from his couch .
1	is the only one worth slapping your cock on # cocktribute and cumming all over # cumtribute she is my cumslave after all
0	good for business .
0	cnn is doing fine . it 's just that msnbc is doing great . fox ha n't grown one iddy biddy tiny bit . same crowd of conservative ( about 3out of 10 people ) ... so sane people still are a majority
0	glad to jump in # maga
0	poor tiffany . the best of the trump she is for sure .
0	execute him ! put him in the gas chamber ! what a joke these liberal are !
0	there ’ s no cry in politics
0	again gun control law ?
0	this is the kind of healthcare provision religious conservative have given america . # saveournhs url
1	my dumbass wa really thinking how in the hell is she been pregnant for the last 6 year
0	i choose antifa url
0	stop giving this family air time . it 's exactly how trump is where he is .
0	you are gorgeous
1	glad her career is ruined by the way . she deserves to be ruined after what she done . just because she wa a celebrity doe n't mean she should be excused . doe n't mean she is above the law .
1	abso-fucking-lutely . that shit wa here already !
0	did you have to scalp custer ?
1	everything else wa ten year ago. `` you are a liar , this is total b propaganda from team trump his crime were throughout the past decade , including up to 2016 ''
1	that head flick at 0:05 is her ego taking a hit . she can not take criticism . she is a weak incompetent authoritarian .
0	well she supported $ 7 co payment for dr visit when president of ama thats an indication . she is ambitious thats all .
0	good idea . they need to protect our border more than they need to be overseas .
0	for sure ... i have been laughing of them a longt time .
0	rubio want doj investigation into kerry ’ s iran meddling url via
0	here are the husband : 1945 mr dean 1969 mr peterson lawton 2000 when she is dead mrs. peterson . i think peterson came after lawton 1967 she divorced lawton lawton had 6 wife last count lol url
0	24 concert goer shot dead in jacksonville with .38-caliber smith & amp ; wesson . the nra call gun control research 'unethical ' .
0	and ha nothing to do with math !
0	nope .. he 's still trying to make up for that inch difference . '' he laughed , checking on his meal again . `` how wa it ? school i mean . you must 've been busy considering where you are now .. '' ''
1	truthfeed news 'just in : fbi deal yet another devastating blow to democrat on kavanaugh ’ s accuser ' # maga # 2a # prolife url
0	your mind is still not accepting that the federal government belongs to pti of which you are member of na .
0	every antifa member is just several midget gypsy standing on each others shoulder in a big skinsuit
1	i 'm shocked that this gun addict is also an alleged pervert ! url # nra # 2a # molonlabe # gunsense # momsdemand # maga # wednesdaywisdom
0	exactly ! the pure hatred ha blinded them . i 've never seen mob of people on here all go nuts.makes you realize that self awareness is crucial right now locally if it like that on here honestly . i stay focused & amp ; will be like that more so now . doing an absentee ballot too
0	the real # antifa
1	yet another really stupid take by erick . he is a single issue thinker ... overturning roe . anything that get in the way of that is to be mocked and trivialized . he ha no other core belief .
0	i think he is right behind trump .
0	he look familiar .... serial female abuser maybe ? ?
1	lucky bitch !
0	element of surprise ha gone then somehow i think this is more
0	crush # antifa . that is all .
1	this is a teacher or nut job ... you be the judge ... but remember she is influencing young mind .
0	oh well yes go without saying you are the ultimate superman
0	you are right i 'm black so thanks
0	nobody doe racism like the
0	that 's an antifa soy girl !
0	you ’ ve got too many newyork liberal moving into the state . i see it in my town .
1	this information is out there and should be fully investigated and considered before he get a life time high court appointment . conservative refused to even give obama ’ s person a hearing so please stop acting like they play above board while everyone else go low .
0	catfight ! ! ! meow
1	he . is . a. sociopath .
1	but i thought california had gun control
0	only the real one .
0	awesome win for conservative ! !
0	how about he start some get informed '' class for his uninformed player . ''
1	probably indoctrinating '' . # maga url
0	didn ’ t she also say “ trump will never be president take it to the bank ”
1	u don ’ t think bad stuff happens to men in car ? shit happens to everyone it ’ s just your mindset on how you deal with possible issue like that . you can ’ t spend your whole life worrying about something that most likely won ’ t happen to you . but it ’ s your life do ur thing haha .
0	i ’ m so glad you left ! you didn ’ t deserve that disrespect and it wa in all likelihood just going to get worse . you deserve someone who ’ s proud of how smart and amazing you are . someone who doesn ’ t want to dim your shine to make themselves feel better .
0	agree . people forgetting how good he is .
0	yes ....... that 's why au . conservative , bob katter & amp ; family first have formed government for the last 50 year ........ because we are inherently conservative '' ! # conservativecomedy ''
0	... stay classy ! ! ... what a bully - if i were the ump i take her to court for bringing his reputation into disrepute ... url
0	yo for real you are gorgeous
0	another domestic violence crime . welcome to california . one of the most violent state with surprisingly high amount of gun control law ... too bad tbose people do not have the legal ability to defend themselves .
0	she hardly tweet unless it to give a shoutout to getup or antifa it seems .
1	stfu bitch lol why u salty i ’ m tryna get twitter famous ya know
0	thank you my lovely ! you are beautiful too
0	you are holding my life hostage ! i have tried everything you have asked to get the freeze removed and for week you have done nothing to make this happen . and made it easy . none of your antiquated system work and customer service is non-existent .
1	more misleading nonsense . it ’ s like you are incapable of straight news . fake through and through .
1	the war on conservative =antifa
1	update chuck schumer ’ s steamy affair with a high school cheerleader conf ... url via well someone said it so it must be true ! chickschumer should resign # kavenaugh # thursdaythoughts # fridayfeeling # demdirtytrick # maga # resist fbi should investigate
0	he ha played 11 game in 5 year . when is time to realize he is a lost cause .
0	burt reynolds wa a man 's man . none like him nor will there ever be again .
0	followed all~ ! # maga
0	he is past his sell-by date .
0	you ’ re my forever favorite third wheeling
1	i am fucking so fucking happy
0	he is url
0	you have a lot to atone for . you better atone for all your lie . i used to think you were a better person . i can ’ t see anything but evil .
0	i ’ m thankful that people who virulently demand gun control frequently don ’ t have gun . mercifully it ’ s natural selection in a way . they generally show violent tendency verbally . licensed gun owner are usually a very civil and polite group b/c they understand the alternative .
0	he ’ s not even one of the strongest conservative that could have been nominated and it ha still come to this .
0	# maga much ? url
1	yesterday this happen here so much for gun control when you ca n't prevent a 2nd grader from bringing a gun to school huh url
0	what do you expect ? # hollyweeders aka hollywood liberal
0	her dog ate it . # votered2018 # novoterfraud # nocaliforniademocrats # buildthewall # nosanctuarycities # nosafespaces # nohomelesscitizen # noamnesty # nopelosi # nowaters # noharris # nonewsom # noschiff # nolieu # nofeinstien # novoterfraud # walkaway # patriotsunited # maga # pardonmyfrench url
0	just be careful because i got a suspension for using a meme that said gaf once ! mirror ....
0	that solidarity with israel '' banner photo of `` antideutsch '' infiltrator wa originally used in an online mag bunker which ha connection to fashy pro-žižek type from the 8chan /leftypol/ board . it 's a go-to image for the `` anti-antifa '' crowd . archived : url
0	antifa is a terrorist organization funded by george soros
0	i concede that 's likely the case . i do think there 's quite a number of people who are being anti-serena because of who she is
0	don ’ t get me started on the head of special need she is on another planet
0	i do n't know any gop who think delusion . i do know gop who realize that liberal lie about everything .
0	approve on how to throw a fit get loud swing your arm around to try and get your way ....
0	what about ? you and your antifa son are keeping your trap shut about that .
0	fantastic match !
0	she is so beautiful thank you ! !
0	i still want yo know when you are doing stairway to heaven .
0	stop trying to make brandon what he is not and run him . put in some trip option and sprint option stuff . run him ! ! do some play action out of the option formation . bring in book for at least four series .
0	can you answer one question ? if you find out she is lying and that it wa a set up will you still defend your party
0	a modern day norman rockwell ! # qanon # maga url
1	conway say it louder for your fellow # maga trumpkins because they are the horrible peiple insulting her ! url
1	he should be removed with the rest of the islamic invader .
0	15 sign that say you are an # entrepreneur . is this you ? url # smb url
0	you are beloved x2
0	if he is cutting it ... no man bun man ..
0	we do have a few outage reported in toronto . here 's a link to our outage map to see if you are in one of the defined spot - url -sc
0	where doe antifa fall on this report ? or did you only look at the right ?
0	i wa n't aware i had a smell . '' cologne when he chose to , perhaps . `` so i take it then that you are aware when i am near . and when i shadow . '' meaning 'follow , ' but in an attempt to be le .. creepy . ''
1	good she is a crook too
0	i love you so freaking much ! ! you are an amazing and loving soul . don ’ t listen to the ignorance of bitter people who love to tear people down . we love you and take the time you need to grieve url
0	yeah ! let 's get some gun control in this piece so white male american can stop shooting place up . protect all american
1	# brilliant bigotry ..
0	damage she is
0	i don ’ t know who she is but she don ’ t sound too hot in the video lol
0	i told u that wont work . there will be another ccp . if the gop collapse and becomes a rump party the liberal will grow until the democratic party split in the middle into conservative tendency democrat and liberal tendency democrat .
0	big if true lol
0	# protecckaiser he is a fucking sweetheart and deserves the world godamn it
1	again she is the goat at her sport but of all athlete ever ? absolutely not
0	i 'll be looking for you on here election night ... make sure you are on twitter .
0	i mean when you think about it that 's basically all their ideology boil down to . conservative are like let me do sex crime on my wife '' and libertarian are like `` let me do sex crime on everyone '' ''
0	she is '' watch her move around so little to ''
1	smut straight from hell
1	maga= mushroom are growing again
1	my stoned wheat cracker ! where the hell did they put the stoned wheat cracker ?
0	her house in ca
0	awesome ! every antifa should go through this initiation '' ''
1	at least you got to experience the 90 though . these 90 and 2000s born missed out on a great decade . it 's been an increasingly worse shit show since lol
0	ever notice how the liberal kick the can down the road to when they won ’ t be in power ? where wa this the last 4 year ?
0	i 've friended zerin on fb since before she left bangladesh . she is a bright young lady .
0	i still feel like we missed on him . we may never know . he is also a senior dp next year which doe n't help . oh usl team where are you ...
0	obama is s sweet talker but very dangerous in his view and the action he took and the scandal he ha . giving weapon & amp ; money to terrorist . he aligned himself and bowed to them . shadow govt to sabotage president trump . obama us soros to fund antifa blm
0	the argument will be made that the assault wa decade ago and there have been no other complaint against kavanaugh . but his lying in current and ongoing . that is enough to vote against him . he is now aligned with trump in the way he handle accusation .
0	no longer believe a single word that the despicable woman ( utters - a liability to our nation and
1	you are two nutcase . obviously . url
0	i love how liberal call people name because that 's all they have . how doe he deserve to be called a dirt ball ?
0	why is n't the basic issue of survival of the fittest '' v `` take care of everyone '' the # dems main point . is n't this the core of all others ? gun control , wealth and income inequality , health care , entitlement , epa , glbl wrm . most agree here url
0	always looking for fault and forgetting to look at the whole picture . journalism ( objective reporting ) is dead a now everyone is a pundit ( subjective expert ) .
0	hell no ! ! ! ! !
1	climb up the chart in christian music ... only to wither a a fig on a tree a a false prophet . that is
1	and you support the right using antifa tactic in other word the tactic of a domestic terrorist group .
0	here she is monsta x ! ! ! ! the most beautiful queen ! ! ! !
1	let 's use the treason law to remove holder from the planet ...
0	sorry howie she is horrible . i have been to vega multiple time and know the people whom spend their hard earned money for a vacation are n't going to waste said money on a scrawny kid whom will scream them into a migraine ! ! they come to vega to see real talent ! # agtresults # agt
1	give him a shot chris . han is a nasty h3 player : ) and he is my bb
0	you aren ’ t a member . butt out
0	following all # maga patriot please follow back # lionsden # maga2kag
0	everyone will be dead by 2020
0	i can ’ t think of a worse 3 game start for a coach at such a big time university in my life . 1-2 and almost lose to fred samford university lol i know it ’ s sanford . but yea they still owe him whatever he is owed
0	or in other word . ignore a democratic vote a it did n't go the way i wanted .
0	wonder if donald jr is next ?
0	not gon na have much choice when people keep waking up and start voting against you . what exactly is an antifa meeting ? can you describe what and antifa '' is ? ''
1	lol how on earth do you think antifa need fund for anything ? kicking nazi is free and business is booming
0	nine nine ! ! ! i love that show so much ! omg url
0	that ’ s not what he is saying . situation are similar .
0	she is a bit skeptical ... her past relationship were rather challenging and she clearly ha not the best experience . this is why she always want to be sure . url
0	dont worwee gweek i have multiple anxiety too you are nwot awone ! url
0	you sound like the nazi my family came to america to go back and fight in their home . you have a lot to learn . antifa is an enemy of america just like the nazi 's
0	will antifa fill the street when kavanaugh is confirmed
0	why do n't you get a job that ha health care or better yet get off your lazy as and look for better insurance
0	natalie ( the youngest ) get her dream of being a football coach ruined when she is constantly compared to her older brother chris who ha made that his career . she invents mr doubtfire a chris ’ long lost brother from scotland & amp ; win the job & amp ; in life . the end .
1	i ’ m not sad . i ’ m fucking angry ... angry that the gop is embracing fascism . my grandfather wa antifa from 1942-1945. i ’ m following in his footstep . his friend didn ’ t die in vain for nothing . url
0	you are one of the best teacher i know my friend !
1	she is wortless why is she not checked out by secret service she is irresponsible in trying to generate hste to have somone kill thre president
1	2 ) i am absolutely furious with my fellow conservative when they say , this sound credible , '' or , `` if it 's true ... '' do you guy have short-term memory that only go back 90 day ? ''
0	she used her power and authoritative position over this child to manipulate him and get him drunk so she would have him at her disposal . now she is using her gender a an excuse and claiming the victim assaulted her when we have text message and picture that show otherwise
0	crazy maxine is either huffing spray paint or smoking crack . # maga
0	throne 2 while sitting upsideup pinche yayay url url
1	because you are
0	can you blame her for not having her life destroyed by trump and his cult her child the fbi should do the investigation he is going federal fbi must be afraid of trump might get hit by a bus trump ha a book of the ugliest name u can call someone like lying trumpstard url
0	or wa it that the local government wa taken for themselves ! ! ! ! imagine that a government more worried about their own pocket rather than their people .
0	hope he is feeling better soon .
0	.. aand there 's your answer .. url
0	she is and tea is she used to be in the program oop
0	it wa litterally the best i could ever ask for you are so sweet and funny and cute and gorgeous and omygod my heart is full
0	she is a brave woman . i thank her for telling her truth and am sorry that it wa not on her own term .
0	where is van ? she is army who need to shazam the most you know ...
0	hi amy ... your book is on my read list ... thanks for speaking out hope you are doing well
0	yes he is and it 's giving a good view
1	not just “ liberal ” there is minority of republican with more brain cell than a rock !
0	telling liberal , trump is your president '' . ''
0	# stopthebias against # conservative # republican # trump # freespeech supporter coming against # twitter ban . to slow down # liberal reporting u is to have a few million of u to report in big number to keep twitter so busy the the liberal complaining be losted in the traffic
0	# labour # councillor shouting nazi scum .. at victim of # groominggangs and this is going to get worse under # jeremycorbyn 's socialist # britain # muslim # islam # leftist # maga # mega # mcga # mega # patriot # conservative url
0	hillary and logic ? talk about your classic oxymoron ! professor sound like he should be teaching poly sci at evergreet college !
1	... and # levistrauss wanting gun control how many of u wonder why the heck do they want our freedom taken away ~ or is it just selective freedom ? url
1	# iwillnotsubmit to accuser leftist liberal demonrats plantation mind control agenda ! globalist puppet ! # metoo movement hollyweird # snowflake # pedowood wa scum ! url
1	we all know this is another liberal corruption ! !
0	that ’ s hilarious ! try again . it ’ s the liberal and their medium lackey that have done just that .
0	this is what happens when liberal get in control
0	absolutely love serena .... however - the way she behaved wa totally on her and the ref wa within his right ... she is deflecting here by making it about woman ’ s right ....
0	ok guy i think her claim are b.s . too but if you start threatening her you 're no better than antifa
0	they could just be people on holiday .
0	there is an mp from new brunswick that may want some encouragement . url
1	he ’ s a bitter barn inbred . url
0	2010 : # conservative slash # housing association annual capital funding from £3bn a year to £450m ( -£25bn over 10yrs ) 2018 : # theresamay announces groundbreaking '' housing initiative of £2bn for the decade ( £200m a year ) # housingforall # housingcrisis # housingmarket # nhf18 url
0	i hope you are right !
1	bitch
0	a a gun control leftist : i 'd rather a child had a responsible parent that locked the front door and didnt let her get involved in the neighbor dv . shir , if the .22 wa where she could grab '' it , but couldnt leavem shes lucky he didnt find it first . ''
0	he should tell that to big bubba when he enters his prison cell
1	i 'm waiting for the liberal to squeal that those sandwich could feed poor family
1	fat as .... heart attack city ..... keep eating fat as ....
0	you are the cup holder .
0	the pot calling the kettle black . most disisive & amp ; dirty political party right now is the one you are running for you use the word more perfect union '' yet your party show it bigotry & amp ; hatred towards conservative , republican , & amp ; all who have a different opinion # maga
0	i ’ m going to save liberal the work and go ahead and put myself in the misogyny and racist jail before i retweet this gem . url
0	most likely gang related violence with a illegal gun in the most strict gun control city .
0	libs v conservative simple
0	this reminds me of conservative wanting to know if monica wa on her back or her knee . is it really needed to decide these guy are sleeze bag ?
1	there are more good people than criminal . if the good people are armed the criminal won ’ t stand a chance . in the usa the city with the highest violent crime rate are those with the strictest gun control . the swiss are all armed and trained - violent crime is rare .
0	you are correct for now but 2 game doesn ’ t make a season . i thought he would do well ( but not this well ) . i thought the d would suck ( which they do ) and it would make them lose . i still feel that way .
0	sloppy and pathetic .
1	... this obvious hit job on kavannah is not going to work ... and the liberal continue to reveal themselves a demonic figure ... url
1	you voted to trigger article 50. you are complicit .
1	those aren ’ t conservative those are whacko . the religious zealot that isn ’ t the republican party and we denounce them . do you denounce antifa ?
0	it wa fun hope i get to see another one of ur set soon ! ! ! !
1	ugh that suck ! ! ! at least you have your wallet
0	maybe the gang will in chicago will show up and discus you philosophy on gun and gun control or sensible gun legislative measure . since you are from chicago and chicago is the home of gun violence in the u .
0	i think she and her team imagined it all and now she is a victim in hiding from her abuser '' . kavanaugh and his family , friend ever imagined it , never . ''
1	elder and owen have been the bravest in pointing out that the culture is part of the problem . liberal have engrained this short lived culture . culture can change and will being black doesn ’ t have to be linked to poverty and resistance .
0	eric maybe jail for you .
0	you are stronger than you believe my beautiful sneaky pig . dcl teach u so much and i am grateful we have the chance to explore ourselves a we grow and learn url
0	antifa = democrat = dixiecrats = kkk url url
0	the usa is not a democracy . the usa is a constitutional republic ! take a civics class !
0	besides the liberal .
0	no wonder liberal are so messed up ! watching and supporting trash tv !
0	empty headed ginger hammer
0	early antifa group . heavily armed but look happy . url
0	behar .. aren ’ t you jewish ? do you really “ not know ” ... that you are supporting and siding with nazi ? the dems have been running hitler ’ s playbook for year ! why do new york jew side with nazi ? you speak against israel .. why ? are you pandering in case they do take over ? why ?
1	all this talk about trump 's dick allegedly looking like toad from # mariokart this is the only thing that ha been accomplished . only now the libs are picturing a 70 year old man naked . # maga url
1	when even reader of a liberal paper in effect liberal do n't believe her accusation are credible . . .
0	they filled ... but hey , trump wife in her divorce also accused him of abuse . about the whole hey , if she stay with him he is not an abuser '' , you have a pattern of ignoring reality , abused woman do n't always react a you seem to believe . ''
1	and how is the investigation against your son the antifa terrorist going
0	# maga make alcatraz great again
0	to the view '' all the person involves in the show- please you are better than `` this '' to have self promoting `` stripper '' on with her lawyer please don ` t lower your standard ! ! ! ''
1	look at this chill a fuck bearded dragon url
0	1st of all who trust the fbi to do a polygraph ? i do n't ! she can pas it if she 's a habitual liar.they have no fear or caring about what or who they lie about . she 's probably a closet antifa member.insane to wait 30 yrs.if true others could have been hurt bc of her complancey .
0	make sure you vote republican up and down your ballot . vote red for conservative value . vote republican candidate only to help our potus trump help american to maga url
0	what the liberal is going on # hollyweird
0	the australian origin of gun control : paperback url kindle url
0	i so hope you are right ! !
0	. and i will be at the top of the ballot in the tx-36 . honored to be there with him . url # rockthe36 # votedayna url url
0	i just looked . she just advertises a horror movie she is in .
1	are you really serious ? ! comparing some of the most prestigious position in the nation with being a slave ? you just keep proving your ignorance & amp ; inability for logical thought ! # maga
1	but tinubu is supporting this monster against u . the biggest yoruba traitor of the modern day yoruba politics is tinubu !
0	it 's true ! # maga # nocollusion url
1	# conservative # republican are # traitor to # america
1	good job asshole ! ! ! ... you just killed your dad 's chance of a get out of jail free card ! ! ! # maga url
0	# usaafr18 looking forward to : dr. deirdre cooper owen , who will give the wednesday , october 17 , 2018 lecture about medical bondage and the birth of american gynecology . '' ''
0	the same thing happened when australia introduced gun control . just rename the unemployment line to gun death and remove the stock market line and you 've got a graph that represents it . also change the before and after .
1	you are the worst
0	education is devolved and is an utter shamble . the snp are in charge of it and neither the conservative or brexit are a factor .
0	really not at all . i do claim you are chicagojordan . but i have never said you are experienced with the outdoors
1	followed most patriot already and got the rest appreciate a follow back # maga
0	3rd time in my teacher career that i ’ ve had a parent tell me that he/she is praying for me . i always consider that a win # teacherlife # prayalloftheprayers url
0	2 republican men in a picture 85 and 84 what are men of that age are law maker too old no sorry young republican are like young conservative they are all born at 40 year of age
1	2 hour at midnight and she said she is not a call girl ? -awkward !
0	but when dealing with liberal all bet are off cause they do n't care who get hurt a long a they get what they want . # confirmkavanaugh
0	thats a good one . i never knew antifa were such badasses . you need your own comedy special
1	my friend is involved in the gun control movement-had the same discussion with her . she really belief semi automatic gun aka “ assault rifle ” spray bullet with one trigger pull . total ignorance
0	filling the sky - chemical & amp ; frequency # idonotconsent # wedonotconsent # opevidence # opstopchemtrails # chemtrails # skybastard # geoengineering # climatechange # srm # cloudseeding # evergreenair # bigmoney # nexrad # lookup # silentwarfare # weatherwarfare # maga # potus # breakingnews url
0	do you have any idea how old he is ?
0	tommy robinson speaks the truth and find himself in jail ? le penspeaks the truth and now she need a psychiatric evaluation ? america wake up ! vote democrat and this is your future and your kid future ! democrats/liberals support muslim extremist !
0	ha to with the revelation of what the liberal have been up to . url
0	happy birthday to hyunjea i love you you are very beautiful ... # the_boyz # hyunjae # #
0	your equation of the democrat , blm , and antifa '' is funny too . it 's roughly like equating the american mathematical society , mathematics education advocate , and ultrafinitists ( and believing that there exists a research group called `` the ultrafinitists . '' ) ''
0	obamas lying skank maria harf # dncwbore # lyingskank # kavanaughconfirmation # christineblaseyford # rednationrising # kag # maga # ccot url
0	there 's no hope for you and jerry . unbelievable how close-minded you are . url
0	these you are too young response are condescending af . personally i have no issue w/wire coat hanger being used to protest b/c god forbid woman do n't have access to safe abortion some may try any method to attempt a termination ... esp teen girl
0	it 's easily digestible content . there 's no need for nuance or to even understand the story . they can show a picture of an antifa '' and get the base level emotional response their content requires in order to be profitable . ''
0	two word : gun control
1	antifa would burn a conservative house down and cnn would be there lighting the torch & amp ; throwing gas on the flame .
1	you are a big blot on the dharmic kashmiri pandits community . in the name of modernity you have lost all sanity which reflects in the way you have supported this loony woman hinduphobia .
0	just watching a horizon show about scientist that discovered a dna mix between human and neanderthals.would have thought trump getting elected would have been proof enough . # maga
1	jose ramirez because he is doing it all stealing hitting for average hitting homer 's double and playing good defense and definitely blake snell for cy young just look at his number he like the jacob degrom of the al
1	and until you gain a greater understanding of that hatred , and how your blanket endorsement just by putting # maga and expressing your ignorance to platform by putting anti-openborders '' in your bio , you 're going to get hatred in return . ''
0	3d v digital war on reality going white-hot we 're now entering / the fight between & gt ; red-blooded human in 3d /boots-on-the-ground reporters/ v avatar digital ai /cgi hollywood false reality reporting/ polytechno-fascists-avatar-digital non-reality url
0	if you are running a top 3 offense every year & amp ; still get fired from pitt there are concern . a talented a he is player don ’ t like playing for him you have to have balance can ’ t be in your face 24/7
0	he is the lord .
0	oh look # antifa are out to be play ... # opmayflower # goodtrumpsevil # patriotsfight # qanon # maga # magabots # digitalsoldiers # fisagate # gitmo # trump2020 # draintheswamp # enjoytheshow # lockherup # strawberryrecall # wwg1wga url
0	# webberforcongress # nj11 # maga we can not allow # liberal to # impeach # potus # trump url
1	it 's kind of like when a mean old woman say that a pretty young one is ugly and untalented '' just because she is washed up and will never look like that again . for one thing it 's catty , secondly , it make her look like a jealous hater and has-been ! # montel ''
1	amazing how the pope is afraid of the truth
1	antifa is a high emotion low iq fascist organization . some of it member are fooled by it name into not reflecting on their own group obvious fascist ideal and others are just there to take advantage of the rest of the fool .
1	we do know she belongs to the violent liberal antifa party who w/ their kkk hood beat up total stranger & amp ; are funded to do so by her party . most violent & amp ; corrupt party trying to now pour on the tear & amp ; get u to believe they have a heart . hard sell to anyone including voter !
0	did you want or need a job # maga # magarallyrules # maga2020 # trumpsupporters # womenfortrump url
0	i would be surprised if she is even on tomorrow
0	yes ! ! ! among my favorite story ! # darkseid come back and show how a perennial evil he is in the universe ! the daxamite menace might be among the most terrible menace ever read by me !
0	get a life !
1	fake queen !
0	good look
0	my nurse friend always looking out for me yeah it 's a bit of a wet cough : / the doctor i dealt with earlier would n't tell me anything and basically threw a prescription for antibiotic at me ... which i assume mean that he is thinking i possibly have a chest infection ?
0	i followed i wa # 4k ‼congrats‼ # nra # trumpman # maga url
0	my husband is getting his phd in physic while i 'm getting mine in chemistry . we usually get the wide-eyed recoil that clearly say , you are not normal human , and i can have nothing in common with you . '' followed by the polite excuse to stop talking with u . ''
0	you are awesome connie ! ! enjoy vacation ! !
0	he want in the white house ! url
0	maga mike mack ha the funniest tweet ever . i know he 's pissed but it 's funny # jonesout url
0	the list in the conservative would be never-ending .
1	first have a very old blind guy do a polygraph on you or someone who can pas for you . then find a gop office and throw a fireball through the window . wear an antifa mask and break some university property . maybe wear a swimsuit and say you were groped badly !
0	this # meme got me driving mrs. feinstein # chinese # chinesespy # california # wethepeople # draintheswamp # justice # clintonemails # maga # wwg1wga # californiawildfires # redpill # factsmatter # factsonly # makecaliforniagreatagain # kag # dnc # liberallogic # truth # msm # fact url
0	his endorsement of cindy hyde smith is a major disconnect . she 's a former '' democrat with a shady gun control past . ''
1	* finally at my sister 's apartaments * instant reminder that she is ungrateful brat and i 'm much more happy without seeing her
1	hey why don ’ t you look at what keith elison of minnesota get off your bully pulpit and do a investigation into his past abuse or do you just cheery pick …… ! ! !
0	cause i dead have no clue who she is .
0	wow she 's a piece of workobviously she 's been involved in rape are sexal misconduct and it did n't go her wayawful thing to ruin anybody 's life that 's innocent # maga # confirmkavanaugh # justicenow # voteredtosaveamerica # godblessamerica # annalovestrump # trumpsarmy url
1	he is way more creepier and say way more stupid thing url
1	star tv
0	i wonder why you needed to bring up this point when i did n't mention anything about that . but it seems like you are uncomfortable talking about race .
0	crushing a pc player with kb/mouse with controller in a fps is unrealistic . unless he is playing game for the first time or using keyboard mouse for the first time
0	exactly . hasn ’ t everyone figured out that the only substantiated threat occur by liberal to conservative ? the other way around is a farce . plain and simple . this is made up to generate sympathy and try to keep a false narrative going .
0	liberal demonuts will never learn . conservative always will find the truth and blow their whole story .
0	# stopkavanaugh : believe woman , except for the 65 who support kavanaugh '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
1	doesn ’ t “ myth ” mean something that isn ’ t true ? ... hmmmm .. hollyweird liberal should stick to make believe world .. # dummy url
0	nh is only the way it is because we have a over populated country conservative have privertised were nh buy from
0	the definition of snowflake
0	hahahaha ... another # maga ! making attorney get attorney ............. guess he doe n't believe his own innocence .... # postponethevote
0	potus is there right now . he will do all he can to help these people and it is heart felt . he will not politicize this like you liberal do .
0	a military tribunal will get holder .
1	still a lot of religious conservative but hopefully beto is getting a bunch of unlikely voter that the poll do n't capture .
0	which side ran into a crowd killing someone ? u mentioned antifa like they ’ re anywhere close to the same hate filled platform that kkk is . all i heard from u wa deflection & amp ; excuse . next
0	you lady always make me smile .. if you know what i mean
1	gon na be a bitch to re-write this one .
1	democratic always use race to divide american . conservative done see color the democrat only see color discussing
1	is that some weird invitation for a treasure hunt where the goal is to find his old “ deadname ” ? is it because he feel the need to prove that he is trans ? or because ppl didn ’ t care about it enough ? either way i ’ m not going to join
0	who care who is deadlier ? are you antifa ?
1	that 's my biggest question . do we just widdle away until there is no 2nd amendment left ? i do believe in some limited gun control but im worried we will be expected to just keep giving into the gun hater .
0	just love this meme is all a lil levity for a heavy day of cognitive dissonance # qanon # maga # trump # wwg1wga # greatawakening # pray url
0	. nail it - this is why conservative must turnout this nov and stop democrat from winning the midterm url
0	by defending and making excuse for obvious bad behavior .... you 're sure to get more of it .
0	liberal know the truth . here is an example . obama 's number from his presidency . url
0	# walkaway liberal ...... your party is poison . url
0	you mean it doesn ’ t last like this forever ? he is playing for a contract ...
1	she is a piece of shit and i am not sorry for my bluntness . from now on i am going to say what i think whether bluntly or rudely !
0	nice ! ! ! ! ! you are so welcome ! !
0	you do n't know her she is senegalese
0	don ’ t forget about the homeless in your district congressman
0	doe he know who you are ? lol
0	guy have bad game . it ’ s the game . it humbles everyone . stafford ha been very rusty and inconsistent this year 2 game in . he is missing the long down field pass that flip the game
0	he ’ ll only get more popular .
1	you forgot the sarcasm tag kid . some people are ignorant enough to think you are serious
0	drama queen- we r loving this booming economy more job ! ! ! it ’ s the economy and you are against u -u need to chill have a coke and a smile !
0	hell no
1	odd . stating opinion come with an attack ( cunt and assumption of a streamer using boob for attention . ) it wa verbal diarrhea from a person who ought to know better .
0	# malcolmx on liberal .............................. wise man ! url
0	amazing grace how sweet the sound a he is moving you from mountain to mountain our almighty god is full of blessing indeed emmanuel
0	when some one is defaulter and you are fm ... ideally what should a fm must say when he meet dafauler
0	liberal don ’ t care who they destroy and leave in their wake ! url
1	but she ’ s ok with killing baby
0	yeah ok sure next time '' i just didnt wan na let people know who she is so that they dont go all over her and attack her but if ur sure then okay ''
1	wow this is priceless ! a college educated professor self-inflicts himself with a bullet wow he is “ brilliant ” ! url
1	oh no ! tough shit .
0	you must be on your 2nd bottle of vodka if you are gon na say the rep are radicalized ! see antifa or blm or feminazis or abolish ice or msm or anyone else doing your dirty work !
0	damaged kerry ’ s non existent credibility . seems a lot of obama-vomit doofus are coming out of the woodwork
1	trump doe n't want to have the fbi investigate dr. ford 's claim b/c ivana trump reported that trump raped her . a culture of dirty old sexual perverted men in the gop and neo liberal doing the same thing to dr. ford a they did to anita hill . white men have no respect for woman
1	aww ... he is such a busy monster .
1	hi sexy
1	boy hollywood sure doe like to look like fool all the time . wait until they find out it 's a big hoax manufactured by liberal . think they will apologize to kavanaugh ? no way .
0	donald trump in nevada either at that maga rally or tge gop convention ... his hollowing out of america tour or a putin like to put it ... ” project red wave ”
1	liberal have to go in 2019 a they are so over their head poor leader and even poorer advisor
1	thats correct ! ! ! # maga
0	truthfeed news 'dems scramble and suddenly hit the brake on kavanaugh ’ s accuser ' # maga # 2a # prolife url
1	wapo what an idiot comment you are a disgrace to journalism very sad
0	true baby you are my only one baby
1	why would they drag their foot ? if they had something on you ( which there isn ’ t ) ... it be out by now . total witch hunt ! # maga # bestpres45 url
0	do you recall what wa said about moss when the patriot got him ? do you even remember what he did in the few year before that ? gordon isnt a hall of famer but name a 5th rounder a good a he is today .
0	so black people need white liberal like you to keep them from turning to violence based on thing they perceive to be offensive ?
0	you have the love and support from so many people -even if we are just stranger . you are not alone xo
1	if you ain ’ t hyping me up like the nigga in the back ima have to throw the whole friend away
0	she is
1	he is so very stupid . or is it he is just so concrete ? ?
1	hell0 ! what a beautiful sight seeing the antifa scum getting beat down and arrested !
0	54 factory worker shot dead in oklahoma with wasr-10 century arm rifle . the nra blame gun control law .
0	you know it 's a good tyr impression when there 's a fat typo in it
1	hell did they boycott mcenroe ..... this is too much ! !
1	nigga say anything
1	say the little commie thot . i bet that $ 20 is more than your hourly rate
0	conservative characterize an attempted rape allegation a “ bullsh * t ” then wonder why liberal describe them a anti-woman . the right thing to do is properly investigate the allegation . if she lying then prosecute her . if she ’ s telling the truth kavanaugh shouldn ’ t be confirmed .
0	god + maga = block . buhbye .
1	anyone else think she is a lying opportunist ? yeah ... # metoo
1	she is a piece of garbage ! i ca n't believe the hatred those bitch on the view have for trump ! and abc let 's them spew this garbage on a daily basis . disgusting ! boycott the view ! boycott abc too ! i have & amp ; damn proud of it !
0	20 crazy thing liberal blame trump for | trumptrain url
0	the nike commercial maga deserves url via
0	cult religion ?
0	live now ! ! ! daddy dragon on url # theconstitutionisthesolution # wwg1wga # maga # mega daddy dragon black mirror url # followthewhiterabbit # q # qanon url url
0	url any of your announcement every come to fruition or is it basically stealing labour 's idea to get a few more vote
1	but you are still going to jail tho # fredo url
0	he is spartacus ! ! ! ! !
0	nope . i lived in the middle of a country 's civil war . gunfire and all . what i did see wa antifa hitting the elderly and child passing by one of their rally .
0	yayyyyy love u guy sm
0	omg he is so cutewhich video is this gif come from
0	i don ’ t think she needed any money to do this . i think she is so left wing that she think she is joan of arc . now we have spartacus and joan .... who ’ s next on the agenda ?
1	she 's an osuite ... so she is deregionised .
0	it 's fine ..... he 's god prophet imagine that nowadays ... yes officer i did fuck that elementary student but it fine bc god said i could ....
0	let u all return to bouncer school .
0	he is disrespecting the office . you are standing up to say that is unacceptable .
1	sound like hot lesbian sex to me .
0	what wa a “ child “ doing at a party drinking alcohol ? ? ?
0	dont be that guy . whoop . too late . you are that guy . unfollowed ...
0	people who fail to understand the second amendment 's purpose is to protect a citizenry from a government takeover should not be talking about gun control
1	go back to canada you freak .
0	you are so pretty ! ! ? ?
1	well , there 's that one idiot you keep thinking will show up in your mirror every sundown when you rise again to walk the night in search of carnage to fill the emptiness where your heart & amp ; soul used to be . altho , now ya mention it , lot of other conservative '' come to mind too . ''
0	good thing california ha all those gun control law ? ! ? !
0	$ $ $ $ gun control group putting million into election url
0	trump trump trump maga !
0	he may not be a texan but he is certainly shaping the dem party for the better .
0	fyi , the radicalism '' is all on the left ! you sob 's started with occupy wall street , when that failed , you got blm started , and that failed so you put together antifa ... we know what you have done .... you will go to gitmo . ''
0	what really piss me off about asian in california voting for more gun control is that many should know better especially korean in la . they all knew someone who had their business destroyed during the riot . at least this salty boi hasn ’ t forgotten : url
1	curious could n't find this on your website . doe n't fit your narrative doe it . coward . url
0	conservative are only interested in owning woman like property and exploding the deficit so long a the rich are taken care of . keep the faith tho .
1	cnn = fake news
0	# fakenews # lyingnews liberal are losing their optimism . soon they 'll have to give up their welfare check and food stamp and get a job . conservative are enjoying an optimism we have n't had in 30 year . url
0	liberal always be liberalling . url
0	she is gorgeous .
1	so you realize what a fool you are making of yourself with your weird obsession over # susansarandon maybe do some research b4 spouting off nonsense .
1	a big thank you '' to all these stupid celebrity . event like this will only serve to help republican in 2018 and 2020 election . # maga url
0	looking into the shooting in maryland but no info since the feed is nothing but protest . why do the gun grabber not want anything out . we know it wa a female . # maga
0	please point out what isn ’ t true . do the shitlibs not love austerity and slashing public funding ? do they not love privatization ? are their social policy anything more than empty gesture ? ha anyone in this thread referred to drug fraud a far right ? no ? so all true !
1	you ignorant fool how did you become ag . i forgot it wa ignorant obama . it not current occupier of white house . learn from me ignorant idiot he is the president of united state . if you think he is not your president then leave this country and go to hell .
0	you do know antifa is far left republican are peaceful we just only use violence to protect ourselves from antifa .
0	grocery store joe is the best contestant to ever grace bachelor nation . he is adorably awkward and ha a thick chicago accent . url
0	can publisher do that ?
1	she never planned to testify . it wa all an act - one that fell flat very quickly . liberal will never learn . we know their tactic . we can accurately predict their action & amp ; response . we also know how to think & amp ; do research . that 's why they hate u . they ca n't control u .
0	holy moly ! ! if the catholic people have n't been awakened by this ..... # falseprophet # lunatic
1	# paytoplay her gofundme is over $ 200k liberal are society ’ s bottom feeder . # freakyford url
1	excuse me ? they got what they had before the hurricane . expecting tract house when you had lean to 's and expecting honorable people liketrump with the corruption they continue to vote in ? ! ? wake up . he is flushing the swamp here and they need to flush their swamp there .
1	no . i think he know is going to lose anyway and he ha nothing to lose in this battle . he is like a suicide bomber can only think tactically unfortunately he can only lie to stay in news .
0	now let ’ s do antifa radicalization ! ! !
0	yes he is ! but he still wo n't be fired ...
1	she is delusional ! get rid of electoral college so she and her corruption crony can ruin the usa ! they almost did ! ! ! # voteredtosaveamerica # maga
0	since i cant do it can you please call and tell her none of this is her fault bc honestly ppl r being so vicious to her rn and i just hope she is okay url
0	if he is gay oh well he be havin mf hot ! lol i like how he play
0	he 's qualified .
0	fixing that headline for you . “ antifa protestors chant we believe christine ford ”
0	cuz it ’ s the truth ... and they don ’ t like that one bit . doesn ’ t fit their agenda # maga
1	that 's hilarious .... let those # puertoricans legalize pot so they can forget about their problem after # hurricanemaria ... # thursdaythoughts # thursdaymotivation # resistance # resist # maga # military # veteran # tcot # thisisamerica url
1	the only reason they call them common sense is because they do n't know what they want and are just hopping on the bandwagon . # maga # 2adefenders # trumptime url
0	the metoo movement must be an extension of antifa and is a complete joke ! if this movement wa n't selective , joe biden would be in court for fonding girl on camera '' ! url
0	did he get on his knee ? spends a lot of time getting down '' ... high priced bj giver ? ``
0	where will # antifa get their cloth now ?
1	omg shyt
0	show that liberal are very decent people
0	trump and rudy talk not finding collusion in all story that have nothing to do with collusion . they know it ha been found . lol
0	he 's going to need a pair of running shoe so he can look for work when he 's see we 're not supporting his dumb as movie anymore . # walkaway
0	antifa ate my homework .
0	can you ask dana how worried she is for her home in ( south ? ) carolina ? is it close to the coast ? i ’ m currently in n. carolina ( 1st time visiting ) and i get welcomed w/ a hurricane ! lordy day ..
0	step 1 : approach the fascist from behind . '' i see two problem with this , the first being that it would require the antifa member to recognize their own projection . ''
1	slap the shit outta her
0	she is very beautiful also her hair .
0	you are such a great friend .
0	say the person who refused the idea of having differant view on thing ? you really are a product of the u system . u antifa-lite . is your world really that small ?
0	i ’ m not affiliated with any party . you don ’ t care if he is innocent or not . you ’ re just a party jackoff . see how that work .
0	because he know for a fact gun control work and it 's proven to work and ca n't find anyother reinforcement for his argument other than those yee haw law
1	lmao fuck u bae
0	ryan 's wife wa from a famously conservative blue dog democrat family in oklahoma . the conservative that have left the dems . she herself ha always known to be conservative . she campaigned against obama nationally in '08 and '12 . url
1	our president isn ’ t radicalizing anything ! your antifa/resist mob are ! that ’ s you gaslighting lol ! saul alinsky much ? # wethepeople # greatawakening
0	do you know who else is better off under the tax policy ? see chart morneau shepell stock v tsx over the last three year since bill came to power . only an 80 % bump over 3 year . # liberal # friendsandfamily # ethic # cdnpoli url
1	soooooounds like an awesome plan ! ! ! next he ’ s gon na be pulling money from medi-care & amp ; pension to pay for all the golf cart rental for his detail that watch him struggle to stay on the fairway on all the golf weekend he swore “ he ’ d never have time for ” # maga url
0	. via you have cattle . you are big farmer . you can feed your child . why then resort to birth control ? this is my opinion , i see no reason to control birth in tanzania , '' url url
0	keep it coming my dear president obama ! your word are powerful because of the stellar man that you are . i sometimes think that he is more of prophet '' than a president in all the wise word he think about and speaks about . ''
1	nothing wa stolen . crybaby liberal didn ’ t get what they wanted so they ’ ve been throwing temper tantrum for 2 year .
1	the only thing the democrat have is lying and stalling to stop trump from being # president . what have they done for you lately . # trump # kavanaugh # maga # demsuck
0	oh yes
0	by banning ammunition gun are still legal . why not instate gun control to keep 24 /7 watch on all firearm .
0	god damn it ... you are so right . there 's no going wrong with this stuff .
0	pretty sure u.s. conservative are taking cue from this ... rightwing government want to make handshake mandatory in naturalisation ceremony '' url
0	exactly . we can take the theatre .
0	i like him he is cute
0	revkin spreading important news. '' ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? andy see himself a an intellectual 2. this is what u real liberal r stuck with from public figure . then the faux liberals-like andy-wonder why we real liberal dont care anymore . ''
0	degenerative behavior creep onto our sovereignty and justice system
0	you are so right !
1	fake news or propaganda is the enemy of this country
1	poor german ... they have refugee violence and antifa violence .. it must be nice to live in germanistan .
1	bwaaaaa ! ! compared to who ... trump ... bwaaaaaaa ! compared to that corrupt demented lunatic she is a godsend ! ! !
0	i watched you on with ari melber and you were great . you are strong , articulate and have a large heart that extends to those who need a voice . congrats to you . i guess we know who 's the bos is now '' ! ''
0	the solution is gun control chief url
0	. just made an s.o.31 statement about this story asking if the liberal were just handing out money to cdns who agree with them url
0	you are welcome casey .
0	following all patriot please fb
1	this hand signal is used by ignorant people a a signal of white supremacy and by evil people who get a lot of satisfaction in the idea of pissing off liberal . we should ignore both because display of ignorance and hatefulness don ’ t deserve our time and attention .
0	they 're a dying party . split between nationalist and conservative is n't going to hold too much longer . they just have no real cohesive ideology anymore . it 's simply my team is better than your team .
0	# maga = many are getting arrested
0	chicago is the living proof that gun control doe n't work .
0	trust me .. i know her well enough so that she is ok if i take a body of another good girl for the night . '' ''
0	lab turned down the deal with lds
0	that 's not hair . those were polyester fiber because yoda is ( or wa ) a puppet .
0	nigga say he a stretch big
0	if the really want to conserve everything that is great about the # uk then they really need to bury this # fracking nonsense & amp ; do everything possible to make u energy efficient & amp ; fossil fuel free . please do the right thing !
0	who ever supported this guy ? you know they can never be trusted .
0	there is something very wrong with her . she went ballistic when i wrote something that did not suite her . accusing me of very bad thing . she is dangerous .
1	right ? ! i wan na know why she on the phone calling the police anyway ? what did he do '' ? fuckin `` run me over rhonda '' lol ''
0	last tea party rally did n't look like the last antifa rally did it ? misfit and unsuccessful people is all that rally on left .
0	natural selection at it finest .
0	good ! kind of make you wonder what these bonehead have really accomplished ? getting people to not watch them and support their team ? # missionaccomplishedwewontwatch # maga # istand # boycottnfl # trump2020
0	whenever ya 'll reference the wire all i 'm going to think is exit stage left
1	wa spreading # fakenews about fyi . # maga
0	he is protecting america . shame on trump and gop .
0	stand your ground conservative .
0	the interview is an important part of the hiring process . and selling yourself may not come naturally . let 's make sure you 're fully prepared : url ^tn
0	ha ! i ’ ve met you both and neither of you are dull ! me on the other hand .....
1	well he is really really smart and nothing woodward wrote in is book is true . good lord this is the shit . we see it and hear it everyday all day . did we really need a op-ed or a book ?
0	# rape culture : prominent conservative rush to the defense of brett kavanaugh in wake of sexual assault allegation url
0	... when liberals/democrats punish & amp ; slander people for simply being honest and truthful ? that 's when you know it time to # walkaway and vote republican . url
0	my daughter is working toward being a teacher . tell your hubby to support gun control so she get that chance and isn ’ t shot at school .
0	remember when antifa wa respectable and intimidating ? ? me neither lmao
0	child should be seen and not heard ! ! !
0	right now the supreme court is divided 4 liberal 4 conservative which mean important ruling are coming up and they need kavanaugh vote .. and it ’ s trump ticket to freedom and it ’ s the gop ticket to further their agenda
0	and yes your presidency wa one of the absolute worst . go back to that .... no way .
1	why are you talking ? you have zero credibility with anyone ! you lied to the and you lied to america . slither back under your rock ! your wife said you were going to be “ the john dean ” of the scandal- you are “ the george costanza ” # liar
1	for the love of all thing sacred he can not be voted in . he is well down towrds the bottom of that scummy swamp . the scale of justice need to let him drown in his own shit . make 2018 the year of holding each other accountable for our responsibility .
0	54 night club partiers slaughtered in oregon with .30-caliber universal m-1 carbine . the nra call gun control research 'unethical ' .
0	if liberal can ’ t win they will do whatever it take to obstruct the process .
0	antonio .... i believe in you . i will vote for you a will my family ... that 's not enough . tell me what else i can do to help your campaign . our state is going down the drain and is on life support . something must be done or the lunatic liberal will destroy ca .
0	made it last night for you !
1	oh fuck i forgot about poopy in my diaper pant you know me before i know myself
1	lol did you just do the trump very fine people on both side ? antifa punch nazi . don ’ t want to be punched ? don ’ t be nazi oh whaooaaaaa so crazy . otoh nazi are literally murdering folk and trying to bomb shit soooo yeah . you ’ re just a right wing dupe . sorry that ’ s the case .
0	and i ’ ll never watch another movie with him in it
1	can you imagine being married to that crazy b # tch ? good god !
0	we a conservative must join the fight against transphobia '' -national review , 2020 ''
0	so what i read wa gun control doesn ’ t work and ca politician are working against californian sound about right
1	bird as url
0	her loss had nothing to do with race or with her being a woman . she is probably the greatest woman tennis player of all time . she ha also , always been a temperamental , pampered multi-millionaire , and a sore loser . serena , you have a great life . please stop bullying people . '' ''
1	wrong ... we are sending another giant f .... you to liberal ...
0	. today i can announce that new longer-term partnership will be opened up to the most ambitious housing association through a ground-breaking £2 billion initiative ... the first time any government ha offered housing association such long-term certainty '' url
0	another low life coming out of the wood work !
0	chicago ha the strongest gun law in the nation but the highest homicide rate . that gun control really work url
0	or like the antifa berkeley professor who assaulted someone with a bike lock ?
0	it wa thirty year ago supposedly if you keep something a secret that long it usually didn ’ t happen and he ’ s gone through several other confirmation in the past and it never came up this is just how liberal play politics nowadays
0	we must all stick together to maga
0	obama took away the constitution from u and that is a fact .. sanctuary state take away our guarantied protection from invasion ... obamas blm and antifa that take away our guarantied protection from domestic violence by the way all gun control law come from article 4 sec 4
1	when i turned the speech on it sounded to me like liberal becoming another nasty party '' with his personal attack on various individual . ''
1	he is a beast
1	northern ireland wa explicitly designed so the british establishment could stop paying attention to ireland . they ’ ve been indifferent since 1921 .
0	she love sailor moon so of course she is
0	politically neutral '' yeah sure buddy , i mean most milquetoast conservative , even the never trump one agree with trump 's policy , and the whole gay marriage and abortion seems like the bare minimum ''
1	blowing dirt and the misery of million ?
1	except when it come to tyrone woodley . lol you ate your word eh dan . 45 min about how great till wa and why woodley wa n't that great . what happened bud ? some fucking expert . 74-1. stfu dan hardy .
0	and he is probably loaded he done cod for 8 year he had sponsor before that so it aint about money ..
0	& amp ; sicking their attack dog ( # antifa / # resist ) and blaming the right .
0	chelsea clinton ( cfr )
0	this is true . but man there are many in the comment thinking he is done still even under the video .
0	# sorrynotsorry if you breastfeed your child who end up having a milk allergy and so you just switch to formula are you really putting your 100 % into parenting ? ! no you are being lazy ! change your diet go lactose and soy free so your baby can have the best of the best .
0	i think it the hope for her abuser to get better that hit me . she is so brave and strong to say she prays for him to see the light .
1	omg what country were you in ? ? it wasn ’ t america . but again you liberal will believe anything
0	you liberal sure are a delusional lot . ha ! url
0	how doe he know canada want him ? they seem to have enough problem with liberal right now .
0	which is why im loving all this shit right now lol
0	look at the state of that . i bet she spends the weekend at antifa protest .
1	ben is a terrible person that probably raped some people . he is a vial human being in my book . ha nothing to do with his on the field play . i don ’ t like him personally .
0	listening to your show yesterday morning on dfla an obvious ( yet completely missed ) thing jumped out at me . false flag . first thing antifa-types do is post inflammatory stuff on website and then report it a proof of racism .
1	54 concert goer massacred in fort worth with 9mm ruger p89 . the nra call gun control research 'unethical ' .
1	you make no sense . “ antifa ” is a cut-down word for anti-fascist . nazi are hitler fascist by definition . many so-called right-winger tend to fascist view . trump doe . just listen to him . the so-called left is far from fascist .
1	did you attend governor abbott ’ s meeting on solving gun problem in school ? ? i guess not ! i did ! there were excellent discussion on using gun to protect & amp ; defend ! what ’ s your point ? you stand for gun control & amp ; 90 % of real texan will not have their gun taken away ! !
0	tbh if you ’ re doing international adoption you ’ re pretty much buying a child . people do spend a lot adopting child bc our system allows people to baby broker for profit . in america if you ’ re going through an agency you are in part buying a child
1	are fact a “ dangerous line ? ” a hate trump liberal activist make a 37 year old claim that is completely out of character for judge kavanaugh and we shouldn ’ t question it ? this is a total scam and i ’ m fed up with liberal turning our sc confirmation into the jerry springer show .
0	killing the number is finishing your time ... no parole ... you are done
0	coast guard put out a tweet they pulled that dude off the response team and are “ dealing with it ” . he wanted to b famous now he is .
0	dana it all ha to do with politics feinstein her number one goal is gun control . just look at california track record he ’ s going to get confirmed .
1	on a scale from 1 to 10 , how much did you laugh to there is no excuse besides that he is just plain shit '' ? ''
0	he need to butt out
0	# professor who shot self over trump say gun control wa actual goal # ar-15 url url
0	the war on honest conservatives-antifa
0	he is short and felt i should bow down at the mention of engineer ..
1	you are ridiculous and need to retire !
0	not manly enough for the guy hiding behind a fake name and profile pic . are we beta or violent antifa thug ? you guy ca n't seem to make up your mind .
1	niggaz buying pussy bitch trying to buy love ...
1	what the hell are you talking about ? the only threat are coming from gun control nut made against her kid .
0	boy wa that photoshopped
0	so what 's your point ? are you saying that uk gun control is n't protecting our child because something might happen one day ; therefore we should adopt a u style gun culture ?
1	if they don ’ t want to accept the result of the election they are welcome to leave the country . it would make me so happy . all their fear mongering with not interrupt u from enjoying the most widespread posterity in the nation ’ s history .
0	# staffpick : ' a human right crisis ' : u accused of failing to protect citizen from gun violence url
0	thank you for what you are doing . for my daughter future .
0	obama tried to cripple this nation ! he lied and said he wa a christian ! when actually he is a radical muslim !
0	8th demension .
0	the killer wa shot and wounded by one of several armed civilian '' . did you hear that ? yes , i am talking to you gun control advocate ! ! ! not all american appreciate how privileged they are to have 1st and 2nd amendment . ''
1	you say “ high-value men ” like that ’ s a real thing that exists & amp ; not a made-up lie you told yourself to distract from the fact your mother never loved you & amp ; your penis is microscopic
0	liberal get the best of both world : a new slave class that will need their government program and that will turn and vote for them . most importantly they get to feel good about themselves
1	can go straight the crapper . i ’ ll never support another team again .
0	nesn think he is the favorite for the cy young . nope .
0	this is why you are my favourite person
1	# republican love to say it 's too early to talk '' about common sense gun control after these event - what they really want is people to forget and amnesia to kick in so they can ignore doing their job which is to protect the public gun control work and r 's just procrastinate ''
0	beto a dangerous man ! i told you a hit and run driver would stand up for you and me ! it like he hit u with illegals now want to run ! hell no !
1	sir i know the difference pretending to be someone else is lying who you are the age where you from etc etc etc . but thats not the point the point is a lot of people are doing both and they been doing it since forever to kill their victim . and it suck ! ! !
0	but please get a better barber first .
0	we r working 2 save our country from ppl like u. appropo u you setting the flag on fire just like u set justice on fire . # lockherup . # maga
0	. this little one is my why . she is the reason i strive each day to become a better version of who i already am . . before baby i used to fear i ’ d never have enough time for a family.… url
1	they are obstructionist . anti-american . pharisee . ask them what they are running on and you get nothing . maga !
0	alien-ilegal ! see ?
0	that 's why you 'll always hear the say vague word like billionaire '' - while we will say actual names- like bezos , zuckerberg , soros , xi , purdue - all fund the name a billionaire wall streeter funding the conservative ? name one ! who 's corrupt ? really ? ''
0	thank you don jr ! you are absolutely correct !
1	there is absolutely no point in debating a liberal . your party ha swung so far left and have nothing but hate ... all rationale ha fleeted your side . trump could create world peace and a utopian society and liberal would still resist for no other reason than your hatred .
0	college football is much more interesting than the nfl protester .
0	trying to hide all the evidence # maga # qanon # trump # wwg1wga # qarmy # qalert # magaforallinc # toolate url
0	you mean you didn ’ t see antifa there ?
0	nah i ’ m okay lol i ’ m going to watch on my block until a new season
1	wtf aren ’ t they treating antifa a terrorism ?
0	sean spicer and donald trump in happier time . # maga # theresistance # mondaymotivation url
0	so then why wa it cool for all the other candidate to discus issue with russia over multiple decade ?
0	so what if she is !
1	you do scare all american with ur fake democratic platform . it ’ s mainly ur corrupt gop ethic that are the problem . gop is ok with supporting pedofiles treason & amp ; voter suppression . dems actually want improved health care for all sensible gun control & amp ; to help the little guy
1	no . she is a liar .
1	your so correct ! liberal r so easy to figure out ! make america great again get rid of all liberal woman
0	and i don ’ t call striking down gun control legislation curtailing our civil right . gun control legislation is just common sense .
1	horrendously sad that we all know who “ he ” is . it give me no joy to know i ’ m smarter than the president .
1	shooting in usa is so common no one is talking about gun control any more .
0	ikr ? ? ? he is like the biggest fanboy ; a ;
0	it doe ?
0	hold on - another poll coming out soon ! ! url
0	then why are you on my page ? why do n't you stick with your merry trump mate if you think you can get a rise out of me you are sadly mistaken about that and other thing
0	and by liberal you mean conservative .
0	ahhh i see i picked up antonio since he is already on the team
0	i hope he is out for the season !
0	let 's see how many plane are turned around or crazy airport shut down happen over next few day . maybe a drinking game ? # wwg1wga # maga
0	he is great . wish they moved him to 7 slot before tucker
0	no proof . nor doe the complaint ever intend to get u some . you have a woman who been an democratic activist supporting in donation . also in her time wearing her pink hat in wash in 2016. a well a helping antifa . who high school year book ha been scrubbed off the internet
0	case and point society through mind manipulation is causing people to do horrendous thing hurting weaker creature is a sign of a deeply troubled individual but yet the left focus more on gun control than on getting to the core of the mental health of the people
0	a foolish statement from a church leader frightens you ? you are way too easily frightened ! i appreciate that you do n't like - but it 's not a though other religious leader never say anything foolish . even you .
0	you are so close .
0	he know you ’ ll deny him a fair exchange - based on recent and past interaction with conservative - speaks to your poor rating .
0	aw . * hug * i ’ ve gotten flustered like that a well . it suck . i also sometimes write myself a little script . you ’ re not alone .
0	think it 's disgusting more money is being spent in my opinion they need to look closer to home wear she is
0	said on he doesn ’ t think we should be selling ar15 ’ s but liberal deny it and say he is pro gun ! the ar15 is not an assault weapon it is a sporting rifle . # keeptexasred vote
0	conservative want the pm to submit to their friend in the wh and the kremlin . trudeau should stand his ground and stand for canada
1	the dems playing a con game . it must be antifa don ’ t you think .
0	whens the next meeting ?
1	ha any ex obama administration personal not yet ? see a pattern here folk ! their actually doing this publicly . the msm is their partner in this treason . it ’ s a attempted coup d'etat ! ! !
0	i have listened to her before an have come to a conclusion ....... she is a twit .... an ny time doe n't get any of my money ....
0	you are amazing ! url
1	antifa is a terrorist organization
0	smearing supreme court justice now ? what 's next for the ultra-left nazi liberal .
1	what do you expect from a man that claim he is the christ vicariously he 's a liar and the leader of liar 's serving his father the author of all lie .
1	i follow all these maga patriot
1	6. she 's a fucking icon . a legend . a genius . that bitch . she is queen . # nickidagoat url
0	he ’ ll no ! ! ! ! it ’ s all about creating new democratic voter ! !
0	so these parkland student are a joke they were hijacked from sanity by these gun control freakazoids at the get-go and their parent let them
1	( albert ) conservative are spreading the lie anderson cooper faked a hurricane ... url
1	it is always same-trash trump & amp ; conservative . i have stopped watching american tv & amp ; going to movie . i have discovered wonderful foreign television show albeit many subtitled that are now my favorite & amp ; there is always good old-fashioned reading & amp ; music & amp ; creative endeavor .
0	can you tell i have n't eaten yet .... hangry
0	action - h.r.610 - 115th congress ( 2017-2018 ) : to distribute federal fund for elementary and secondary education in the form url # evil # greedy # hateful # pig # education # maga # betsydevos
0	picking act by such nonsensical element and portraying to world . pseudo liberal pastime . our 's is a country with much great achievement dating back century . spread that . but that wo n't suit your agenda .
1	i know exactly how it work . they steal money through regulation and tax and the people ca n't do a thing about it because the government ha the monopoly on violence . why do you think democrat desperately need gun control ? they want even more power over the people .
0	yes he is .
0	he is rushing to catch up to drumpf
0	# maga durbin must have participated in the tesla podcast to think huessein ’ s administration wa scandal free . durbin think gun control work in chicago also . # 2a # rahmemanuel # chicagopd
0	he is harry potter
0	true liberal do
1	good shit my bad though
0	# maga . -- something 's fishy with kavanaugh . he is not supreme court material -- morally insufficient . url
0	joe - antifa are not bully . they are fighter fighting for democracy '' ''
0	the u.s. is tying to increase the cost of drug in canada and conservative are helping him
1	i ’ m not sure where i ’ m a fan of yet but i know i definitely suck hahaha
0	now i know we have a lot of people to feed , but these two ? these are mine ! now go back to feeding people , i 'm starving ! i have n't eaten in at least 40 minute ! you need a maga hat ! '' url
0	yea i think so ! she is for the time being thanks for asking : )
0	or bite it off . transition complete
0	boo hoo shu ..... you are never on the right side of winning .
0	al franken had a photo of him assaulting a woman and liberal called it mock groping '' . the woman accusing kavanaugh already changed her story from four guy to two at the alleged incident and wo n't even testify . ''
0	strange how gun control never work criminal will never obey law i am my own # firstresponder url
1	cuz liberal are sick of cnn ! ! ! !
1	12 hotel guest killed in corpus christi with 9mm ruger p89 . the nra call gun control research 'unethical ' .
0	and the most insignificant comment come from a miss america contestant .
0	ya nigga
0	i recall hearing maxine water issue a summons for all people get up in the face of the republican and conservative . payback 's a b * * * * ai n't it ?
1	he is one who should not own a gun-such a lost soul—all he need is jesus christ
1	nigga we ’ re going next week
0	the washington post ’ s slander on hurricane and climate change '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	. she is my life saver . url
1	no she wa mumbling i couldn ’ t hear shit she literally spoke w hand sign
1	he really need to go . talk out of both side of his mouth . kiss as !
0	you are unwell
1	well , see , if i start talking at dana about sensible gun control law and she ignores me ( or call me a tragedy dry-humping whore '' a she did then we are n't having a conversation . i 'm just talking into the void . ''
1	you are a fool . denying one free speech is deny all of our free speech .
1	can we send this piece of to the tower ? wouldn ’ t it be nice if we could do a great britain once did . i say build the wall and tower at the same time just in time for the hillary clinton nonpresidential suite ! hahahahaha
0	big wanda fucked with the wrong one
0	like antifa .
0	i think he 's a comrade url
0	he is vile .
1	you are so right on this issue and democrat have been lying to the american people for to long lately it seems like there all going crazy in the head lol
0	am i a professional ? no so your statement is irrelevant . it ’ s not like hardy ha done basically identical fall a million time or anything . you clearly know nothing about this . 50 buck say he is perfectly fine . orton wouldn ’ t have said what he said if he wa hurt .
1	she is the “ comedian ” that lecture the audience for an hour how white men are the scum of the earth .
0	no it 's not . too many people in and around government want to asset strip the nh and sell it off to profiteer on an ideological whim . that they 're doing this against the will of the british people smack of arrogance and greed .
0	yes ! ! ! ! antifa too ! ! ! !
0	she is
0	lowest unemployment rate ever recorded for hispanic asian & amp ; african american more job highest wage growth since the 1950s highest american employment ever in america history lower tax more educational opportunity . wecall that # winning # maga # qanon url url
1	josh a slave leia
1	sex game will make you feel like you 're actully having sex or , a ign would describe it it really make you feel like you 're fucking some whore in an alleyway '' ''
1	carrey is looking more like a tranny every day ? !
1	65 woman defend kavanaugh a ' a good person ' amid allegation - ignore dianne feinstein . she is obsolete ! you disgusting idiot piece of sh % @ feinstein . he will rule supreme !
0	paul manafort is a legit trader but because he work ( ed ) for trump . i guess it 's not a big deal to conspire against your country anymore . # maga
1	this is so fuckingndbs funnyhejs
1	umm fuck yeah i would
0	no gun law have prevented the violence in chicago or dc where law are far more strict . gun control law lead to the death of innocent people who can ’ t protect themselves from criminal .
1	uk polititians are a special breed of filth ! they get together and vote that their expense and sex crime ( paedophilia ) remain secret and then declare child abuse document remain secret due to national security nothing to do with national security
0	keep getting yours
1	$ 10 say he/she is white . any other white people notice how many shitty white people there are or am i the only one who see this ?
0	you are absolutely right
0	. absolutely right to not propose another referendum . . are not in power & amp ; we are not negotiating . it ’ s for to make brexit work ; it belongs to them . if they can ’ t do that then should call a general election . labour are ready . url
1	i still ca n't read an analog clock like i can but it take me like a fucking minute to process it and i ca n't just glance at one like a digital click
0	you do know gun control doesn ’ t mean the public shouldn ’ t have gun it mean stricter gun regulation and making the process of acquiring gun harder than it is now you can go to a gun store and get a gun and leave in 22 minuet you can go to a gun show and get one faster
0	you 're a glutton for punishment . you 'll never see eye to eye with any blue wave drinker on this topic . till you agree to ban all gun . especially the scary one .
0	tippi hedren wa in julie and jack ( which rifftrax also did ) . the scene from birdemic that she is credited for wa from that movie playing on the tv in the hotel .
0	get out of my mention ( i stand corrected )
1	he is satan
0	# sjw crap and/or # paedophilia .. # hollywood # tv # movie # gaming # politics # comic # police # publicauthorities like # council .. # dwp # dwpcrimes # catholicchurch or # church # vatican # islam and # muslim used a a weapon .. missed anything ? ! # nh maybe ? # mbga # conservative
0	she is just trying to get more donation
0	. i urge you to stop facebook from censoring conservative . url
0	tell her that she is a leader ! ! !
1	i 'm assuming that is a proponent of gun control . the argument for gun control is the threat of being shot . she then go on to accuse people who open or conceal carry of being scared of a hypothetical fear of being shot . it 's a hypocritical statement
0	why are the tweet that conservative are retweeting with comment suddenly unavailable ? i can not see what they ’ re talking about if the original tweet is no longer available . anyone else noticing this ?
0	i really think he is going to be gooooooooooood .
1	the only difference is how many parasite it ha feeding off it you mean ?
0	chill ' goat level have rendered kal 's basic human communication capability completely useless . this go to show how powerful of a unit he is .
1	# theferalleft # liberal continue to # infiltrate # indoctrinate kid show . do n't hire these mentally ill # hemorrhoid url
1	me too ! jack a sack ! we conservative tweet in a barrel !
1	1/5 several woman mp key in 1990s gun control debate in canada . min of justice did heavy lifting for in introducing 1991 gun law she said gun control work . it is probably the oldest and most effective form of crime prevention law ... '' # cdnpoli # cdnhist url
0	i think he is one a higher portion of the sidewalk
1	what bhagwat tell shakha minion and what he say to rest of the world are two different thing . sanghi goon will keep on raping and killing but the stupid liberal will think sanghis are ' not that bad ' . do n't get taken in by his lie else next 5 year india will disappear .
0	# willienelson laugh at # maga conservative on # theview for suddenly being outraged by his support of # democrat # mog # maga url
1	thank you for your fortitude and perseverance . please give mcconnell a kick in the butt from some of u conservative .
0	she is beautiful ! ! ! god bless you both
1	i got more common sense than all of my follower : )
1	a bunch of overpaid liberal whining about how horrible everything is . they should get together with nfl player and try getting a real job . zero interest in them giving their friend pointless award .
1	gov brown need a class on # maga 101. also need a swift kick in the pant for insulating .
0	the far left antifa are the real fash .cowards that hide behind mask and attack anyone who ha a diff opinion they even confront not only the old and the vulnerable but child a well
0	hey great to see your tax cut and wider fiscal policy doing so well ! # winning # maga url
0	never saw it before . it ’ s delicious
1	yeah fuck pogba
0	doe n't seem like hollywood ha too many independent thinker .
1	i don ’ t care if she is right or left go back to tv bitch one tv star in office is more than good # hollywoodisscum
1	how did you get to where you are while still being so profoundly ignorant ?
1	this is a no brainer . if she stand for what she say she doe she ha to vote against him if she is lying she deserves to be humiliated and defeated . we will see if she played the pro choice caed to get elected or if she is just another goper kochsucker
1	surely he did n't do anything to damage veterens affair ? if he sullied a reputation it wa another department ?
0	i just do n't get why the majority of liberal do n't show there pic just curious is all ... well with that being said i must say i enjoyed bickering back and forth with you ... it been real ... you have a nice day ...
0	which is funny because thats exactly what the problematic member of antifa ( an officially recognized terrorist group ) want .
0	.. you know .. mami tjhan always ha this scary and creepy flirty gaze when she is around me or .. miu ..
0	antifa is banned by the central commitee for they are not proper socialist . more pinko then red .
0	surprised because they look like female in antifa .
0	the far right is making no noise now . antifa is burning down school and attacking people . deal with reality
1	well then i guess it 's totally fine to attack his character then . my mistake . i mean what right doe an american who wa the victim of gun violence have to call for stricter gun control law anyway ?
1	serial rape did n't seem to be a problem for liberal with bill clinton and hillary who enabled him ? go figure - can you say hypocrisy ?
1	2/the democratic party won ’ t do anything to him because he ’ s muslim brotherhood & amp ; they don ’ t care about monahan . the muslim brotherhood need to be declared a terrorist organization—all of it ! ellison also support antifa . these people are so foul it ’ s scary !
0	# toxictory minister attempted to expense £50 charity donation ! it 's what do ! ! # toriesmustgo # dissolvetheunion url
0	christina would have been a better choice than courtney . hadwin ha done this and is not a much of an amateur that she is making america believe
1	url look st this bullshit
0	he is mark twain in my eye . love him .
0	what you are saying is simply untrue .
0	boltey hai na ki jo beef kaate hai uski akal gutno me reti hai n i can expect it brain . he is the pm of my country n yes we celeb his bday every day n it make sense the ppl who offer prayer fr osama bin laden janaza have much of the probs . fewer life n mind ca n't be changed .
0	who care ? ? ? she broke into his home and shot him . she is the one . that need to be held fully accountable for her action .
0	no one is threatening her . all a ploy for sympathy and further attack on conservative .
0	he is both . best hybrid ever .
0	he is going place ! ! ! !
0	not strict enough ? so in your world of stricter gun control shall the military go door to door siezing firearm from tho not willing to give them up . ?
0	ohh .. the liberal are fighting
0	you just described antifa and the black block a well a the democrat and big tech . why do you defend fascist ?
0	. it ’ s not clear which and mp put party ahead of conscience # ldconfbrexit url
1	that isn ’ t a bill about lgbt sex worker it ’ s a bill on sex worker in general.harris ha a very good record a attested by lgbt orgs.i mean if we are playing that game you could argue that bernie vote on gun control ha impacted the life of black people in chicago negatively .
0	# levistrauss take stand on gun control # levistrauss & amp ; company # sanfrancisco # america url url
0	i hope the voter of the uk won ’ t forget what a shamble and have made of this . lack of leadership ha left u in the doldrums and betrayed both those who voted leave and the rest of the uk . # brexitbritain
1	it would n't surprise me a bit . just like they falsely call conservative , fascist '' and justify physically attacking them . `` trump 's a nazi , kill him ! '' . it 's just a matter of time before they suggest it . ''
0	it 's the antifa gang !
0	i do n't know who she is .
1	lmao good one ! now listen up sparky your wife is a disease she is a bought and paid for evil soulless propaganda arm for child murderer and russian agent . so stick with your cutsie tweet but i 'd prepare for a long prison sentence if i were you .
1	a much a i dislike antifa . i hope none of them are stupid enough to fall for this bait and end up getting themselves or someone else injured or killed
0	i ’ ll accept your framing if you accept that it ’ s perfectly legit for me to say vox contributes meaningfully to antifa violence and the internment of uighur muslim in china . call it a deal
1	red rose swarm . conservative pounce . we need our own verb .
0	by the way the united state is a republic !
0	congrats on your bravery
0	why doe ted cruz have to quote supporter in his own tweet ? doe he have anything original and/or prodcutive to say ? doe he have nefarious connection to and russia ? # muellersmountain # endthegop # endthenra
0	niggaaahhhh
0	pirate of dark water ! ! ! there 's another one that i loved and wondered how the story would have turned out if it had been allowed to finish
1	apparantly that rule of law doe n't apply to republicans/conservatives baselessly accused by dems
0	understood , sir ! nation hunkered down in our commitment 2 help you # maga , in your god given stable genius word : till the bitter end '' ... god speed tziyon , shalom ! con musica , lucho , latin jazz vocalist & amp ; composer ''
0	so we should cater to collins and murkowski and only do what they approve . abandon what conservative want and then expect them to vote for you anyways . that is insanity .
1	he ’ s more qualified than all of you obama folk put together !
0	how come they only asked 2 question on gun control ? that guy is in for sure
0	she is one
0	dream on !
1	i have . he is desperate to see what i 'm saying and report me . shame a he usually say nothing . another antifa pussy no doubt
0	# projectveritas # jamesokeefe keep up the great work ! i ’ m sure there are many more obama deep state employee working in the fed gov against trump and conservative .... and the constitution for that matter . url
0	. asks to respond to criticism that the liberal only care about anglophones when it 's time to get their vote . couillard say that 's not the case : i think people know my sincerity on these matter . '' # quebec2018 ''
0	she 's no poor thing '' . she 's an antifa protester with many tie to the dnc . she 's a trump hater . donated to hrc . she did n't just `` appear '' out of the blue . crack me up how naive people are . toughen up america ! these are lying leftist intent on destroying our democracy ! ''
0	. what number do you use ? where do your number come from ? why did you ignore the current theft from medicare ? is your ignoring the cost ignorance or deceit ? make liberal pay for # welfareforall ! # iatrogenesis
0	i like the way she show her emotion ... she is really a queen of heart .... ... love you
0	gun control crowd want gun sale to have the 4473 filed but they succeed in getting gunbroker app shut down . a most gunbroker sale ( i 'd guess over 90 % ) are gun shipped from ffl to ffl . kinda like wanting gun safety and getting range shut down . all about control .
0	i wish i could join a server without disconnecting ...
0	yeah bro i know like i have pretty good gun control but the smg 12 is just insane
0	he is resting because he ca n't take another humiliation by pakistan # 180
0	he is a genius !
1	that 's why i am somewhat conflicted in talking shit or defending myself because there are so many very intelligent bright mind out there that have been held hostage by msm propaganda peddling . but uhave to read these document and dive deep to know who fund antifa/msm/dnc etc
0	how do you get to know that she is having period too .
0	the fact she is going to vote yes on kavanaugh make me think she know how bribe work .
1	all 20 of them ! hardly a problem until the antifa of hundred showed up .... for what ! to riot and destroy ! ! !
0	. doe not posse the wisdom to pas judgment on a honest man like judge kavanaugh . she ha flawed and suspect judgment a manifested in her ill-advised year long affair with the like of mayor willie brown . she launched her career on her back . she is trashy . url
1	thus far the only people getting shot and kicked out of place are conservative . # maga # walkaway # confirmkavanaugh
1	i fully cant remember he just always gettimg himself into shit like he never stop causing government based chaos i wish he would calm down
0	donald trump ha always been a dangerous animal to the defeated liberal left demonrat and communist like brennan .
0	if we don ’ t “ get rid ” of moonbeam he will sink our state into the pacific ! ! # 2020maga
0	she 's been active on instagram lately . and she is dropping an album sometime this year .
1	this wa a poor comparison . jay z literally said he fucked na ' baby mom and left the condom on his daughter baby seat . cardi and nicki are fighting for what ?
0	your lord and master ... blah blah blah '' liberal are so over the top dramatic about everything url
0	how about starting with gun control .
0	if you think billionaire are truly liberal than you are the fool . they are playing their part in public but if they were truly liberal homelessness would end . you are being played like a fiddle
0	saw one a month ago in alabama where they said “ radical liberal ” were trying to stop his appointment over a clip of cory booker talking
0	only got woman anatomy model and connect crewneck
1	flake shld end his search for relevancy '' . he 's rino filled w hatred for potus . # despicable behavior ''
1	he 's having a go at people who love david gilmour but who think roger water is a bit of a dick ... obviously .
1	can you say insanity ? # lockthemallup # handcuffsforhillary # maga url
0	thanks to all the bleeding heart liberal who would rather pay for illegal immigrant then people who are battling cancer .
1	you said that if my speech offends someone then i should be fined/jailed . i asked if you should be fined if you wanting gun control offended me
1	i fucking love this ! ! ! ! so so true . and actually it ’ s in those type of job you will learn the most
1	that 's what you are implying that no-one took correct records-having been to hospital it is usual for the doctor or nurse to record a they go-so it is your claim that so many are incompetent if no single record wa produced correctly-
0	i expect to see a lotta yeti wearing maga hat .
0	there is a culture in greek life but i think alot of that come from presentation in film . once we are away from our parent people are more free thinking some i agree with some not . you really think every frat is maga crazy
0	many liberal are . male and female ! lol
1	we need a marijuana lobby that can bribe the gop like big pharma doe . otherwise , you 're screwed . just because it 's good for america , that mean nothing ... see gun control '' ''
0	god want u to die to ourselves . to put down our selfishness and seek him and his will . he is so awesome . the depth of his eternal love is so humbling and awe inspiring .
1	kavanaugh need to stop lying ... i believe this woman 's account is credible and he is not going to be able to dodge it .
0	this is why i am voting for senator bill nelson and all other democrat in florida to make our state healthy and clean . gun control law changed . climate change under control for florida . please vote !
1	hillary clinton will be potus .. oops !
1	for the koch and the trump and the pollutors .. but not for we the people or student or teacher and let not even talk about the thing that a majority of the american people expect like healthcare & amp ; gun control ! nothing but $ $ for and donor !
0	breitbart is dead
0	ah yes just get a better job . you realize the majority of new job growth is in service industry ? and with how expensive student loan are college is le and le realistic for people .
1	this asshole ( ) lie about republican
0	i 'm that nigger no lie
0	the gauge potential is the connection on the quantum field a like in differential geometry . and the field strength tensor is the curvature tensor .
1	wtf ? ? ! she is one .... i did say i hope trump doc rot off but nobody noticed ... oh yah i tagged him too ... i better tone down the dick falling off . it will happen soon enough ! ! ! !
0	111007 - i love how active you are on twitter . forever shining on my tl - dislike : dont event know you to dislike anything tbh
0	wifi- free
0	god is so good !
0	no he came back to nyc w ducky
1	can you share my twtich ? trying to make that shit work out url
0	actually tyler had planned to cut angela after brett so she is just a clueless . this 'showmance ' and her being hated changed his mind .
1	gon na suck with all that gun control
0	certainly a weird view toward the margaret sanger geonicidal philosophy of aborting minority . i ’ d like to know if the black population that suffers the most share her opinion
0	can join your rank ? # rimmy4antifa ?
0	just like the old day . if she float she 's a witch and must be burned or hanged . if she sink and drowns she is innocent .
0	she is basically saying in code : even though i am a nevertrump spoiled little rich girl from andover , i secretly want to date mark c. - i hope his wife and family are okay with it ... '' se stand for `` sad endeavor '' url
0	he is the best memelord that could exist
0	we didn ’ t lie ! he is a fan tho !
0	“ they ’ ve really had a big impact since i decided to put them on yesterday ” # maga
1	yeah it start with her being a blogger and all but somehow it turned into a murder fan fiction
0	yep . here she is defying u to take another picture . url
0	you are awesome
0	you are the mexican venus
1	the comment below , defending drug ford 's blatant abuse of power is completely laughable . but , but the liberal . bias , bias i tell you ! ! ! must be only the ndp rich downtown area that wa polled '' . ho-man ... thanks guy ... i needed a good laugh ! ``
0	do you support antifa like gilbert doe ?
0	awesome !
0	actually should read a liberal mp leaf liberal for another liberal party '' ''
0	trump did n't want to be president '' , therefore colluding with russia for presidency is a made up attempt by liberal just like scjous . ''
0	now we just need antifa outside when they confirm kavanaugh
1	and what do you think ron desantis is going to do for you ? he 's probably in the back pocket of the nra ! ! good luck getting anything done a far a gun control because that is what we ' r seriously need a a country ! we need tougher background check at least ! !
0	they are antifa democrat disguised a gop looking to infiltrate the party . do n't worry though it doe n't take long to figure them out .
0	sad to say . you are right . awful that you have to even consider the issue . i pray for you and your family .
0	yes we did
0	he is .
0	hey pauly .... when the rest of the country catch up with usa 's environmental policy .. let u know ! !
0	live dangerously
0	# brandmatters team up with # guncontrol group : ‘ we simply can not stand by silently ’ url
0	he said he is thrilled to be a part of the ownership group !
0	plus she is a real reporter and ha the courage of a platoon of marine . smh .
0	just sick of everything being politicized and everything being presented a right/wrong good/evil . used to be liberal and conservative were viewed a generally good people with different approach to achieving the same goal . now it 's 100 % u and them .
0	. . .if you actually d i d expose that , i 'd be questioning you . '' she 's shifting a little , exhaling rather shakily . she is tempted to shush him . ( how cheeky ) . url
0	now how did this happen in gun control nyc ?
0	if the conservative '' are n't standing up against dumpster 's unconstitutional and illegal activity , then they are just a complicit a he , and henceforth , supporting the tangerine toddler 's policy and action . ffs , be american before party loyalist . or else we all lose . ''
1	# maga you ignorant dupe . everyone know this is just not true . url
0	good by football league will be direct url football here the world comes.petition to stop any all federal aid to football nfl.the people will have the last word.we will bring entire league to their knee begging for forgiveness.america deserves respect. #
0	unbelievable !
0	... the liberal 's ... tendency to deal with opponent by epithet rather than argument , and ... worst of all ... the liberal have left themselves open to the cruel joke that say they love humanity but hate people . '' -- richard cornuelle , reclaiming the american dream ( 1965 ) , 9 . ''
0	being paid no doubt
0	i do n't like the idea of supporting this company . url
0	wow new petition demand keith ellison ’ s accuser be allowed to testify before congress god bless trump ! 4ever # maga # kag # deepstate # walkaway # redwave2018 .. url via
1	# theresamay # monstermay # conservative must answer for their crime . # dwpcrimes # dwp # tory # toriesout url
0	true justice is coming soon ! url maga our justice .
0	another terrorist attack not reported by msm
0	bummer that you are excluding a-list member from the # astarisborn special event . i guess you guy are already testing shady moviepass tactic on u .
1	the only thing i didn ’ t agree with wa the match point he wa following the rule i think this wa more about her sex honestly all she did wa call him a thief and he penalized her shit wa wack
0	whistleblower must be the only non kid toucher behind the vatican wall .
0	evil man . how would you know
0	agreed . iowa state wa able to get to him a few time just after he released it . i tend to think he is more durable than most though .
0	of course swalwell and pencil neck will probably go into hiding like all liberal do when their busted .... melt down liberal left ... love watching it
0	- man of steel : ok - batman v superman : ok - suicide squad : boring - justice league : bad reboot . keep wonder woman a she is . do something with time travel or altered timeline or something .
0	# maga ! if you are all in for # trump follow me and i will follow back .
0	and sadly anna decent fair minded one nation conservative like you seem to be an endangered specie in your party . how can tory grass root support a man with boris johnson ’ s record on morality and standard ? or a caricature like mogg ?
0	yeeeeess
1	i found out today that jesus isn ’ t white and so now i can ’ t go to church on sunday and i can ’ t watch football damn obama liberal
1	wow those liberal are so uncivil and full of hate . # lickawitch url
0	reminder that there is nothing fiscally conservative about maga . url
0	antifa caught off guard after getting confronted by the last person they ... url via go scott ! ! he is one of the strongest supporter of trump : ) ) ) ) the persistance ! ! ! !
0	we love an eagle family
1	i ’ m jealous
0	and the medium will simply not calm down and just report normally and let the folk decide . they are a propaganda arm of one party and anyone who disagrees with their doctrine is dismissed a evil and worthy of the auntie maxine or antifa treatment or worse .
0	but gun control
0	10 ) but why ? do they hate u that much ? '' well yes and no . for the leftist , yes they do . why ? because they 're leftist , silly ! you either get with their program and let them tell you what to do - or they hate you . with the formerly conservative conservative - no . ''
1	i love you bitchhh i aint never gon na stop loving you .... bitchhhhhh
0	hey one of your antifa bros wa on here today saying how much he hated joey . doe god condone that hate ? and who is this joey guy ?
0	i always thought conservative cared about traditional value like honoring and protecting woman .
0	# maga aint gon na like that
0	i love carole ! she is so smart i will really miss her ! # rhony wa hoping u would have been a great addition to or another political show . any news on what u will do next ?
1	i don ’ t like her but hope if she is next to tyler at final 2 she win . just me being petty .
1	because only the unhinged liberal that are scared they wo n't be able to murder their baby are demanding this . the other normal rational people with common sense can see this is just a fake accusation to stall .
1	the lie i keep hearing everyday sigh * inhales * im tired of you putting yourself down and if ppl dont see how beautiful my bestfriend is then it their problem you are beautiful ive seen it so it my place to tell you you are beautiful and i accept nothing le . if not more
1	innocent until proven guilty ! i think time ha run out on this ! and personnel i think she is lying ! and someone is paying her to lie ! jmo
0	how do you decide truth with accusation from incident 35 year ago ? the big lie ! he ha been confirmed multiple time and no accusation . this is the liberal mo . conservative not falling for it again ! ! ! ! ! !
1	that explains why some leftist were also shadowbanned .
1	really # maga vote trump 2020
0	if degrom wa actually a great of a pitcher a you say he is then he 'd hit more homeruns .
1	only people that own gun get a say on what to do about gun control .
0	# liberal do n't like to be pushed around . # conservative are n't supposed to be autocratic , we are . '' you know you 're winning when they 're shouting exceeds their understanding of rule based law . best way to watch liberal head explode is for con to be more unpredictable . url
0	oh they ’ re real .. this is what antifa look like on twitter
0	rock ( hard ) man
1	yeah my exact thought here . real uphill climb tho to get people to stop saying dumb shit on the internet .
0	bono is gone to the dark side .. globalism
0	# torylies # peoplesvote # stopbrexit false news url
0	be best . be # maga following amazing patriot .
0	yes you are very wrong
0	give me a break ! ! !
0	liberal at there lowest
0	analysis | devin nunes explains ‘ antifa ’ and ‘ all of these riot ’ : ‘ we ’ re winning ’ - the washington post ⁦ # traitor # votehimout url
0	jonah hill ratted your sorry as out wdym
1	look at his reaction at the 18 second mark . what a contemptuous clown he is .
0	no she is just informing the public of the horrible going on in the trump white house .
0	she ha not been coached well enough yet . this whole thing is a scam to delay a vote so that it is a midterm election talking point . conservative should make it a non issue by turning out in record number to support maga agenda and candidate .
1	wow you are so cute
1	city of 1 499 900 people who do n't fuck '' doe n't have quite the same ring to it ''
0	reminder : it 's in trump 's best interest to have that scotus seat empty during the mid term and even the next election . it 's his only trump card _against challenge from his own party/conservatives_ these day .
0	these people in the msm are disgusting # maga
0	why should he the woman is lying according to everyone that went to school there except liberal who would say anything to get rid of him .
0	he is .
1	and dying a slow death such a shame
1	yes , joy ? .... you were about to say six-and-a-half year ? '' because that 's correct , you sociopath . you are `` stuck with this , '' f o r t h e n e x t six- & amp ; -one-half-years . # maga2kag # winning ''
1	wtf have i missed here . my account wa hacked and just got it back up and running . somebody care to explain what ’ s going on here . am i right in saying that the guy who ha been playing live saying he is dash berlin aka jeff ? ? ? so what ’ s happened ? ? ?
0	civilian also i 'll admit it hard sometimes when helping grok 24-7 lol i 've been called name i did n't even know existed example antifa granny brokeback valor ( wth is that ) grok girl friend ( yep no shit ) thing fraud will say thank you grok ( brother )
1	good for her ..... thats some fine gun control . double tap to an as
0	# presidentmaduro feast with # saltbae a # venezuelan flee # starvation ! i give you ... your # socialist heaven ... ! url url # bbc # sky # lbc # labour # labourparty # jeremycorbyn # usa # venezuela
0	yessir
0	ok - you hear about the superman '' thing all the time . and you are certainly busy , but , this could be an excellent opportunity to step in , in the movie for him a cavill is steping down ! : url
1	so it move forward . damn the fact a long a you keep up the narrative ! the dangerous line is the sliding scale line that you bunch of liberal idiot use to vilify conservative or justify the action of liberal
0	god is good to u
0	i also understand a lot of the follower are # maga and # cult45 aligned politically .
0	another turd gone from espn . maybe one day we can watch sport on the channel
0	# rimmy4antifa can this young working class proletarian join your cause url
1	this is fucking hilarious
0	re-read my tweet brian , gun control '' not ban ( your blatant exaggeration not withstanding ) . ``
0	full truth and justice .... url
0	you said that already . are you already broken ? where do i go to return you so i can get a new generic retarded antifa supporter to laugh at ?
1	amazing that the dems are always the one who hear the whistle .
0	you ca n't lump small l liberal conservative in with the far right nutbags .......
1	there 's zero evidence of any gaff and it 's not their job to do any such thing ; this is just more hijinx and chicanery from two buffoon that have no platform or moral . # conservative # cdnpoli
0	. there he is ; theirs the first baby ; growing so fast ; how cute ; fabulous to see him again thanks for sharing # url
0	i heard they actually are gon na cgi an antifa flag now . you know . for accuracy
0	# tuesdaythoughts got a gut feeling twitter is now in the gunsight of the government and president trump for anti-trust violation censoring and shaddowbanning conservative -- - watch for big news coming out soon .
0	common sense tell u she is lying . the story stink . justice and the metoo movement force u to give her a platform to answer question and be taken seriously . she should dace consequence if it is proven without a doubt that she is lying .
0	dude she is a babe ! that dress wowowowowow
0	china is communist ; all chinese restaurant have to close now because i 'm not comfortable
0	totally not the way antifa work .
0	beast boy is 15 raven is 18 and robin and starfire are both at least in their early thirty
1	irish will not like my tweet at all ... but why wa ireland nuetral in wwii ? ? so bono give a nazi salute ... yawn.nothing new .
1	you are not very smart are you ? why do you think gen flynn ’ s sentencing keep being rescheduled ? url
0	also not correct . but , the some of the safest u city doe not have strict gun control law . ( side-note : you can not believe one word that * michael moore preaches in any of his documentary . '' ) this video is a bit of an eye-opener : url
0	lmfao no but he is in his undies
0	keep up the good work protect free speech and call out war criminal # nh # bbc # bbcqt # newsnight # bbcpl # channel4 # brexit # may # corbyn # labour # conservative # marr # hignfy # uklabour # skynews # bbclive # politicslive
0	hell no ! ! !
1	a if conservative did n't hate sesame st enough
0	i want him thank god i am in the hospital to get revived .
1	i ’ ve proven that gun control lead to lower gun death . you ’ ve chosen to ignore it and accuse the study of being falsified without any proof . do you have any proof they used 5 state a you mentioned ? or are you going to continue to ignore me asking for clarification ?
0	you are so hot that every man in the twitter universe and beyond make this not so thinly veiled attempt at flirting with you . you have almost 1700 follower in 6 month . you are extremely popular . what 's that like ? url
1	because you have paranoid and always spam omg she is 16 she is 16 she is 16 she is 16 '' and you spam to everyone that she is 16 and credit telltale in your every post . it 's so fucking funny for me . chill out . no one care that she 's 16 . ''
0	why do you keep telling this lie ? there were ppl there that did not belong to antifa/kkk that were just there supporting or not supporting the statue staying or going. # dems love repeating lie because they have nothing else . do you repeat hand up do n't shoot too ? probably .
1	than we wonder why the dems . are blooming idiot here is a fine example . how to teach your kid to be a vulgar protester . way to go dems . this kid will grow up to become president of antifa .
0	you guy really just did this on cue .... # maga # mkultra
0	soros paid antifa and the like not christian conservative for sure
0	legit got the saying written down . but you are right .
0	didn ’ t the poll say hillary wa going to be president ? ? ?
0	you are amazing
0	she is darling
1	you are a sick person
1	he is one crazy person
1	how he is still batting
1	he ’ s a disgrace to his party and all he claim to stand for . he ’ s not on the side of conservative . he just want to make a name for himself and anybody ’ s cost .
0	i remember you . my sister told me what you did to her . you are lucky she did n't call the police .
0	she is the coolest thing in tennis . way cooler than her opponent tomorrow . by such a long shot . # class # coolaintforsale
1	still no excuse ... where tf are her parent ? ? ? they are using him & amp ; he is using her .
0	e is fake . she willing joined them and stayed with them for month .
0	ty . you are welcome . # maga
0	# roeselare # conservative this is just wrong . what is wrong with the left . url
0	the last thing parent need to learn from the liberal is the ethic of raising their own child .
1	you are a hypocritical hack . url
1	democrat want more gun control ! i say , just go to the range and practice , .. you 'll get better `` url
1	that ’ s really insulting because there are a lot of latino like me and there are a lot black conservative who believe in god . we are not crackheads nor are we uneducated . these celebrity are garbage who know only how to read from a script that ’ s all .
0	radical left : antifa . victim culture . there are over 100 gender . hate speech is an act of aggression . free speech should be limited . no gun . sanctuary city . illegal 's have right too . open border . trump derangement syndrome . voting party over platform . feeling over fact .
0	she is
0	great message ! ! president trump is winning ! ! !
0	antifa ally yvette felarca take a hit to the head `` berkeley 8-5-18 url via
0	getting out of the paris climate agreement is what 64m voter wanted ! obama committed u to $ 100b towards that agreement ! we keep paying for the third world country and we are going broke ! it doe not help when place like cal . have 3m illegals either !
1	she rap like she will pop off but the only thing she popped wa her butt implant . now remy is skinner than her even while pregnant url
0	the bad & amp ; the good are both part of u history . excluding painful memory will not change the truth of what we have gone through . what 's important is to learn from history so it wo n't repeat . changing the fact would be akin to antifa tearing down statue to erase the past !
1	and they did . pr is a shit hole run by corrupt liberal . it wa destroyed and it will take year and year and year to rebuild .
1	u never talk to me shut up [
0	i don ’ t think he is a sociopath . i think he know what he did and he know he is lying .
0	back offf he is my bean
1	oh yeah so i 'm sure you 'll wait a certain amount of time before talking about gun control right ? i 'm sure you 're saying the same thing to all the people using the dead to push law that do nothing right ?
1	fort trump in poland ? ! sound great to me ! ! another lasting reminder to the left/dems how much the rest of the world hate '' # maga # wwg1wga # redwave2018 # draintheswamp # forttrump ''
0	hate is hate no matter what side of the aisle you are on it 's bad when republican do it it 's bad lwhen liberal do it ... this should be non partisan !
0	i linked to an article showing you why you 're wrong . you 're telling libertarian and conservative '' aka the right what they supposedly believe . i 'm not bigoted , it 's just a pattern i 've noticed that never seems to be wrong . ''
1	carrey is a pig
0	because everyone know this is a political stunt and the gop is going to make him justice kavanaugh '' before those midterm election whether you liberal like it or not . that 's what 's going to happen and you need to just accept it . right now you 're still in denial url
0	this is why we follow each other -such peace in my twitter avenue is amazing url
1	she is threatening american citizen she will kill woman arrest her
1	character and clinton . cartoon maybe
0	had no interest in watching the dnc hour with a hunch of sanctimonious liberal who trigger over everything except when they are insulting those who disagree with their cause of choice for the moment . pas .
0	wa on a brutal match after long time jeff lost wa unexpected . hope he is fine after the fall # wwe # hiac
1	you were on the same stage a farrakhan . you total hypocrite . you are pathetic .
1	she is better than all this shit . she is better than anything .
1	i can tell you suck but sure
0	agreed 100 % . they are the majority . and there letting the # liberal dictate how they want to proceed !
1	ib you as . watch how you speak on my name
0	the ironic part about this tweet is that the model in this gif teased a darkskin model for her natural 4c hair
0	aim higher !
0	tyler ! on thursday ! go girl ! i think tyler belief he is the mastermind and he need to take a seat . angela or kaycee for the win !
0	prayer for your wife . i too had colon cancer .. having bowel problem so apt w/gi after my oncologist . so i know what she is going thru . prayer for you both . remember god is in control .
0	you 2 should do research re gun control psy ops aka school .
1	hah ! the fucking chat ! ? ! ‘ onya boy !
1	antifa is israel 's thug squad in america
0	i hope he is found # ! best wish to you and your family !
0	yes yes antifa is anti-fascist but celebrate openly when their political opponent are killed . whatever you guy say .
0	my mom died my dad ha my two younger sister and his sick mother to take care of and he is very sick himself so i stepped up moved it and have been living on my own in menifee since i wa 18 what we ’ re not about to do is speak on thing we don ’ t know about sit down little boy
0	i guarantee the “ threat ” she is receiving are “ soros generated ” . republican don ’ t pull antifa-like tantrum like dems do ..... that is if she is really receiving any at all .
0	* rich liberal *
1	so pointing at the umpire and calling him thief is berating and walking very fast toward an official and calling them f * * * ing moron is not ? i think it is clear who need help . you are a man perhaps ?
0	is out of control . they destroy ford by exposing her . now claim she is receiving death threat . uhm .. then stop threatening her . fact is liberal are only one who threaten people . investigate dnc !
0	she is a victim . terrible .
1	and if there is gun control in usa -who will be rounded and exterminated ? ?
0	liberal always play victim . url
0	reading when the letter doe n't say that they know ford . unlike the kavanaugh letter where the woman say they do him . the left wing '' liberal are n't threatening this woman 's life . ''
1	everything is an issue with muslim .. go live in another country like iran ..
0	he is a blast to watch
0	amazingly the dems/ obamas/ left get away with treating their # identitypoltics group a monolithic group thinker who all support the dems . what 's the word when you label all people of a particular group the same ? oh that 's right ....... prejudice
1	dear fatty against fascism ... # walkaway from the democrat .... antifa = democrat = dixiecrats = kkk there are no fascist in america . same hate . different colored hood . party of hate since 1828 url
1	she is an alec puppet . if they don ’ t move the string on her back that work her mouth then she doe nothing .
1	not if it 's unwanted by the mother . then the left flush it down the toilet and go to an antifa rally to celebrate .
1	just vote yes we all know you found out she is a fraud .
0	that 's cause she 's got ( head wave ) at least 50 or so pound and a couple inch or foot on her so it 's okay . not to mention miley doesnt look the fighting type . ( idk if she is or not )
0	free speech system llc ' aka 'infowars ' is linked to a foreign intel agency or other non_domestic entity ?
0	# tory # labour # ge2017 # conservative conservative url knew jeremy_hunt had such language skill you 'll want your sound on url
0	also - didn ’ t he just flat-out stop showing up to set for the freddie mercury biopic ? that shit should kill his career ... and here he is getting another gig !
0	farther not further ... maybe you should study english and quit playing in the journalistic limelight !
0	so a per new promo it will be maulis journey so you are making her a a shield because she is the saving grace left the lead le said better
1	our great state ha been flooded with illegal immigrant and liberal from blue state looking for work . then these dumba $ $ e vote democrat ! ? ! ! ! go figure . all insane .
0	i know liberal dont like to do research or like fact . if you listened to anything over then cnn you 'd know this .
0	her head is already shaking before he can finish his first sentence , taking a step forward and slamming her cane to prove a point . “ no , steve ! childish , perhaps . but she is tired , tired and worried sick all time that someone she care about decides it 's a great idea + ''
0	a better decision by the student would be to go to a community college at a fraction of the cost and actually learn something worthwhile .... over priced course like this are an absolute waste of money ... how many article have been written lately on amount of student debt ?
0	7th and 8th grade football will be looking for parent volunteer to help assist with our concession stand . if you are interested you my email me at darell.maddox
1	who in america is n't grateful to our military ? ! ? ! ? her husband did n't die on the battle field ... he died at home ! ! she should be fighting for gun control and stronger law regarding mental illness ! is about police brutality ... she should educate herself on the issue
0	it 's too had liberal are exempt from law .
1	god dang ! did n't she break campaign finance law ? why is n't she in jail ? ? did n't she promise to move out of the u ? ? ? why wo n't she just go away ? ? ! !
0	guess that 's why she 's settled for being the gag-inducing spokesperson of the commercialized conservative .
0	dont tell me she is at it again
0	it ’ s ok legatron we know you are the best and will bounce back with a new team ! ! keep yo head up url
0	( part 3 ) hey , potato . '' //yeah ? `` how is our inkling girl sidekick so op ? '' // ... good question . `` she really is strange , is n't she ? '' //yeah ; but she is our sidekick . ''
0	i hope kyungsoo will work again with nam ji-hyun in the future she is so good i really liked the chemistry between them # exo this drama deserve this
1	he is such a con apparently find are running low
0	hope you are ok my man .
1	help ! i already have a verify account but when i try to use it it want further detail ( passport ) which i don ’ t have with me . so i phone instead and after two minute of pointless message it tell me you are busy and hang up ! ! ! what rubbish service .
0	haha great ending . modern # antifa is the most embarrassing movement since “ nu ” metal in the late 90 . these kid will look back the same way ex limp biscuit fan do and say what the fuck wa i thinking ! ? !
0	do the mass school shooting number take republican ’ disinterest in gun control to keep their nra $ coming into account ?
0	# tory # labour # ge2017 # conservative conservative url cchqpress : pm natfednews : today i can announce that new longer-term partnership will be opened up to the most ambitious housing association through a ground-breaking £2 billion initiative
0	hows that gun control working out ?
0	hey biden . there is a reason why hard working american will never tolerate you or your career politician again ! # maga thank you trump
0	dino you are preaching the truth right now ! tell the mass where it 's at ! ! ! !
0	here he is ! peaking out of a hizbollah flag . url
0	well he ’ s closer to lincoln than you are .
0	yay - awesome magareppowervotestrengthened by powerprayersred tsunami
0	a if we did n't already have enough reason to not watch ...
0	you are so good at drawing
0	when you put fortnite on the poll instead of spider-man url
0	you are a child . don ’ t even talk to me . lmao .
0	there ’ s this specific person whose tweet r bugging me since morning .. solo fan i guess .. usko har cheez se problem hai aur use shayad aisa lagta hai jaise he/she is the nly sensible one
0	54 % of american say the nation is on the wrong track . url url
0	i just don ’ t get it . at least bring him in talk to him work him out feel him out what could the harm be you might just be surprised and sign him if he is what you think he is then don ’ t it ’ s just being smart
0	trump is making america great again url
0	ok g you are hired . hot yoga fixed it . feel good a new !
1	a well he should ! these people are the dreg of society - not the president 's supporter ! at least we did n't try to stage a coup d'etat ! # qanons # greatawakeningworldwide # joebiden # maga
0	no maga is true many are getting arrested url
0	wait what ? ? ? the conservative actually showed a little sign of respect ? that ’ s a first .
1	man that shit just got me hype like i wa watchin it 18 year ago
0	liberal have always wanted to get their hand in your wallet and and now they want to get them in your pant .
0	be patient with u we have autism '' cap ! ''
0	are you really michael moore or are you rosie in “ drag ”
1	# police ? # banter training ? oh my god ! fool and tool . # maga # mega # mbga # mcga # conservative # patriot url
0	she is and also a goddess
0	ahh i miss them sm
0	i suggest that get a real life .
0	i sure hope they have removed him from where he is and are hiding and protecting him . he is chum in the water right now .
1	# expectus to work our ass off for # gunsensecandidates ! # gotv # throwthemout url
1	liberal dictionary : -illegal immigrant : dreamer -trump supporter : deplorable -ms-13 killer : human being -human being in the womb : not human being -antifa : protestors -law abiding nra member : terrorist -bill clinton : feminist -brett kavanaugh : predator
1	bitch my life wa flashing before my eye
0	apparently she wa a diva when she wa with heather and i think she might ’ ve gotten fired for it ? and she said something like 2 year ago that people took a being trans or homophobic i don ’ t remember
0	you are probably the best politician i ’ ve heard in a long while ... wish you were in illinois !
1	what shitty wiper you have
1	// rean 's arcane gale is broken . if he is gon na be able to use that from scratch in sen iv ( because of his demon form ) it 's gon na be cool using it in every battle !
0	get him some line help . he is gon na be just fine . a the game went on you could see him progressing more with his read . he brought what ha been missing . the deep ball presence . now he just need a little more time
0	she is the cutest baby i have ever seen
0	funny how liberal and liberal star hate the folk that make them and give them the very fame and power which they can ’ t live without
0	my pleasure ! thank you for following back # ccot # maga # walkaway # votedemsout2018 # trumpsarmy
1	really a sickening issue . liberal are vicious ! ! !
1	say the man who stand against sensible gun control . # hypocrite
1	2nd highest prop tax in nation to support gov pension 1 of 3 state where housing is worst investment more rent for le valuable housing nation most severe increase in personal tax illinois suck thanks to cook county liberal and corrupt mike madigan url
0	sometimes you get what ya ask for
0	doesn ’ t compute !
0	yes she is ! ! !
1	if you are not sure then l will block all these useless tweet . ok ?
0	i also grew up in california . doe n't matter where you are from . and just because you 've heard worse '' doe n't mean jack . the president of the united state should not brag about that . nor about watching beauty pageant contestant change . ''
1	this is the antifa party & amp ; all of a sudden they expect u to believe they care about anyone besides themselves . nope .
0	important story on business ’ growth limitation due to historically low unemployment rate in wi url
1	the democrat are becoming more despicable by the day ! there is no bottom to their vitriol and lie '' barrel . why liberal go along with this make no sense . ''
0	you for buy give we all
0	i 'm not watching it ever again . soccer anyone ? that damn soccer game in tn looked like a winner to me . usa beat mexico 1-0. over 40k attended . i think soccer can overcome football in the future .
0	please tell bbc viewer that the caused the biggest fall in the number of new affordable home ! they are not going to solve a crisis '' they caused ! ''
0	i know many of antifa who will fight harder .... and not waste government socialist money url
0	this is what revenge lie like ! # kavanaugh # maga url
0	u liberal always pull the race card ... i see truth no matter what skin color ! ! they sold u all out ! u would knowthat if u researched truth
0	i want to adopt this dog . he/she is so precious
1	# rssreachesout this one step by the r can show the sense of nationalism it ha when other urbannaxals are colluding with each other only to tear india apart . are working so hard for the downfall of india . shame on liberal
0	it ’ s ok brenda we know how passionate you are about thing too.we love ya !
1	thats because you are an old man .
0	for what ? why are you asking for his arrest ? liberal being butthurt for 19 month is not an impeachable offense .
1	ai n't nobody bitter here . woman who know their worth spending their life upgrading '' somebody son but actually living it and becoming their best version for themselves . you go look cute on your maid outfit , like you always do ''
1	4 dead in mass shooting at fifth third bank building in downtown cincinnati ' . deep state fake news crisis actor alert ! ! gun control bullshit .. f'off feinstein/obama ! url via @
0	wo n't be legalized federally since it can be used a back door gun control .
0	maga booked with the boy
0	it seems christine ford wa an antifa member ! wiped her social medium account . what is her involvement in the leftist vandalism in california ?
0	irresponsible for ktvu to stoke the hateful word that our demented governor disrespectfully spews about the potus . some people think that jerry brown is criminally liable for many of his action a well . he is responsible for 10 's of thousand of oakland resident displacement .
0	accidentally bought the baby spinach and baby kale mix at the grocery store and honestly it ’ s kinda ruining my week . # healthsucks
0	and then we can issue each one of them a pink unicorn .
0	tonight , sean hannity : rabid antifa leftist publicly fantasizes about the distinguished united state senator from texas , ted cruz , getting cancer . '' ''
1	ok give it up u low life conservative move on u got one year til election for canadian to show u that we do n't want racist running r country so grow up and let 's talk about how u dont like anybody who dont look like u
1	holy freakin cow this is actually real from antifa ? now we really know they are stupid . great way to get shot or hurt .
1	he is a coward . he go after country that are peaceful and humane . he perceives that a a weakness . he love putin and kim jun un because they are the “ tough guy ” . like in high school . he want to be a tough guy by bullying those who have a soul .
1	# maga their podcastful is about blockchainful . but it'sful about what it meansful to bewise working mothersful who are trying to makewise ...
1	because they think sen collins is a stupid coward & amp ; all they have to do is bullie sencollins this is whatconservatives have life with for 9⃣yrs now please vote for kavanaugh letgod take care of the rest
1	# firemorningjoe he is cut from the same cloth a all other conservative . his misogyny and bigotry are always on display . he is responsible for trump . url
0	how do you know she is not credible ?
0	divine she is
1	i feel like his face will never change . he is right in the middle of our mom and his dad .
1	i watch obama for a long a i can stomach him just for the laugh lol he approves himself to be even more of a narcissist every day ! he is so full of himself a.k.a . full of shit ! # hanghim
1	why do you identify a antifa if you 're transphobic ?
0	really ? it ’ s been the dems that have been behind all violence from mass murderer to confrontation to antifa . wake up
1	just lose to every tom jeff and jerry because some dumb shit happens and i lose full
0	how taser work ?
0	we apologize for the delay in response here and wanted to follow up and see if you are still experiencing issue . our engineer are in the final stage of mitigating impact related to the event . ^ma
0	you are being super cute with your hormone story 's and i hope all 3 of you are well
1	yeah , poor conservative for having eye that see , and ear that hear . if you 're loving your brain bath , then continue on , pretty soon pedophlia will be your next great virtue to champion a you see kind loving pedo 's dawn your tv set to make you march in line and resist '' . ''
0	6 people shot and killed in bakersfield and the liberal want to tweet about gun control . chicago call 6 people shot and killed a lunch break yet nobody tweet a word . you can ’ t have it both way . legal gun ownership v illegal gun ownership . what ’ s the real solution ?
0	i ca n't believe he is still on the radio .
0	followed all maga
1	sam wa singing and they didnt tell her to stop singing and she thanked them ! ! unbelievable ! ! ! who the hell is she talking to ? ! it 's bad enough when she is talking to one of the houseguest ! ! but to keep talking to herself ! wonder what her family think about her going nut !
1	sadly , you blew it in this interview . you are , or will be , bought . you did not pas the litmus test '' for what a real progressive is .... you have mistakenly alienated what 's left of the dem base , thanks to hrc , and you need u , know it or not . url
0	better think back !
1	picked the fuck up
1	you are a liar ed . you have always been a liar . the people in puerto rico life in squalor . govt official hid supply sent . miss reported death toll due to hurricane . stop lying !
0	gender isn ’ t the same a sexuality but you tried also i ’ m trans so johnny ’ s trans if i say he is . thanks !
0	white nationalist and nazi arent the same . also at this point i 'd prefer nazi tbh
1	and this from the clown that should be in prison ?
1	she is dillusional !
0	liberal wo n't cry over milk they wo n't spill .
0	antifa methinks ! ! !
0	anyone who is friend with midwest antifa is worth following !
0	accept me for who i am . i understand it 's not easy . but neither is loving someone who only try to correct your flaw that only make you so incredibly unique .
0	this is not surprising . they 're conservative and they generally lack empathy for people who are n't them .
0	bono mock nationalist during his concert in the last free part of paris .
0	anybody notice this ? url url
1	okay violent liberal antifa with your kkk hood beating up stranger you know nothing about !
0	yeah like conservative are synonymous with truth telling . pleeease .
0	also what 's up bitch i got bang and it wa n't a mistake i 'm so excited
1	what what in the butt
0	awesome news
0	shhh don ’ t let conservative see this ! ! url
1	but he is a dildo !
0	* * * trigger the conservative url
0	president donald j trump brings good will to all ! maga ! spygate ! nobel !
0	you are not
0	she is the gift that keep on giving ! we conservative just love her !
0	exactly but they ’ ll never put him on tv
1	here come the beta liberal lmao * convo muted you can cry all day to yourselves .
0	hi bernice i hope you are enjoying the # xrpcommunity and learning lot about # xrp +.0589
0	- you are better than this . you should rethink your decision to be part of it .
0	she is ! ! have you seen her tweet lately ? ?
0	safety first . there is no show without the raven . hope he is safe and return soon .
0	she is a master of twisting word . that is her greatest skill
0	she is right . liberal do not listen . it doesn ’ t matter what the taxpayer want trudeau doe not listen . maybe to islam but nothing else
1	someone should'vetaken '' this piece of shit to a volcano. ``
0	plelleeaaaaseeeee i literally sobbed so hard at this screen who doe he think he is looking so beautiful while he sleeeeeeeps
0	now we know the gun control stance of the resident .
0	you not in gitmo yet ? you do know you will face jesus face to face do n't you ? hope you repent before then because the wide gate and broad way you are on lead to destruction and it will be for eternity ! right now you are not looking so good !
0	i do n't ever want to hear conservative wax poetic about how amazing the founder were when they were willing to throw the constitution under the bus to own the libs . conservative do n't have position . they do n't have rule . they make them and break them just to win .
1	booo . hooo hoo who raised these spoiled brat ?
0	glad to follow don . great that he is trump supporter .
0	yep i wa chatting to them about the club i wanted to join at uni and they said i should join antifa a it wa something they did a kid
0	hah ! make me think of my cat back at home & lt ; /3 mighty hunter that she is !
0	me and my girl walked through san francisco and i came up with a new game . homeless or antifa . the homeless are so much more pleasant
1	oh that ’ s racist . big lips/big butt/big nose . that doesn ’ t even look like her . also she is about 100 pound to big . it also creates the image of the typical black woman with attitude . it ’ s so racist . url
0	you missed the point . you don ’ t like being called a white supremecists bc you support trump . so please don ’ t generalize that all dems support antifa and violence .
1	the killer is in the house . # maga # walldoesntprotectfromamericans
0	can someone please explain to these liberal that it take more than clapping and kneeling to actually make a real difference
0	why would kerry want to appear to be talking to the iranian . there is no doubt he is trying to talk them into waiting out trump . that 's treason in my book to feel that you think you know better what the u policy should be than the u gov't . promoting his book for personal gain !
0	i miss pope benedict xvi so much .
1	- both don ’ t support medicare for all - both voted against the dreamer - both voted for the racist police brutality bill - both voted to give donald trump and even larger military budget . - both didn ’ t do a thing on gun control - both voted for the racist payday loan bill
1	fema ha contacted the senator and wa told.its a tv hit you take them when you can '' he is a liar . if he had a set ... he would put on his big girl panty and tell the truth ! ''
1	the prison system is so fucked . why are they still getting away with what is potentially murder with intent if the prisoner die in the hurricane ? they did this in louisiana and like 500 inmate went missing '' ''
1	oh you are in england ? your view on gun control stopped mattering in 1776 .
0	maybe will tweet a bible verse . after all ... he is a ferengi . url
0	the failure is the liberal experiment to rush everyone away from traditional christian family value . we have always had violence but liberal ideology ha destroyed society . liberal create crisis situation to further their warped attempt to take power away from individual .
1	look at the pot calling the kettle black . liberal have been pulling all sort of stunt trying to get rid of your/my/our president ever since hillary hilariously lost the election .
1	she is such a witch . all she need is a broom
0	basically what she is saying is someone wanted to float an accusation without facing any legal or civil accountability for it when it turn out to be b . this is beyond unethical .
0	we met ian sinclair there he doe brook ( ? ) from one piece . i wish i would ’ ve known more of the character the voice actor we met did
1	she is mentally unstable .
0	# westminster # tory # brexit # brexiteers # outoftheeu # eu # brussels # remoaners # remainers # quisling # fbpe # non-patriots # anti-uk # pro-eu # traitor # snowflake # bedwetter # leftieluvvieliberals url
1	worst take ever ..... a blatantly racist cartoon and your attempt at a defense .
1	do it with quran and then we will see how much atheist and brave she is ... hindu figured it out that this type of attention grabbing big bos wan na be people are not worth it ... go live in your 2 minute prime time covered life ... lord krishna and his follower do n't care
0	judging by the membership of antifa they 're already at that point .
0	oh god . this hurt my brain . no one can libel anybody . internet company can control thier content in any way they want . but claiming twitter is libeling jones is an entirely separate issue from the bullshit censorship claim . just ... work it out before you tweet .
1	invite to all of the show and let her tell you about her interview with brock long . then you will know why # cult45politburo sound so unhinged . he is parroting the fema admins line of b . tried to fight back against long 's b
1	liberal have no shame . to them the outcome justifies the mean
0	broke my toe on my second day in maga .
0	ay ur fly open in pic 1
1	fool
0	warning , '' `` caution '' whenever a liberal make a statement , thinking people must demand that detail must follow . ex . moore 's definition of right mean open border , right 2 squelch free speech , depict l & amp ; o personnel a opressors while championing antifa . no lie too big or vicious ! ''
1	even chris evert said that people normally wise up and stop after the first warning or their second warning . serena kept going . it suck it ended the way it did but if you keep arguing and making comment after a second warning then what wa she expecting ?
0	you are so smart !
0	really ? it 's okay to call for lynching a long a you are a stand-up comic ? hmm .
1	fuck yeah !
0	he is is always the victim
0	he ’ s got a lot of nerve - fast & amp ; furious .
1	should n't pussy grabbing be the one wearing the glove while handling food ? # maga url
0	you are truly a champion in every sense ! ! you win and lose with grace ! you too are a champion ! ! thanks for the terrific tournament ! ! url
0	it wa off the platform how is this ok ! ? ! ? ?
0	violent liberal antifa with their kkk hood beating up stranger they know nothing about is exactly what come to mind when dems say they care about anything . either you care about human life or you have people beat up . my black conservative friend ha been attacked by them .
1	ramos sound like a shitty ump
0	# nowreading : a human right crisis '' via url
0	good luck ... not
1	my face wa so close to the concrete bitch i couldve probably stuck my tongue out and lick it
0	hey love just wanted to check on you ! ! ! i hope you are okay hun ! !
1	sean penn : # metoo movement seek to ‘ divide men and woman ’ url & lt ; — got ta say… i stand w/ jeff spicoli on this one . url # maga # wwg1wga # confirmkavanaugh
0	anyone have tab on asia argento ? # metoo
1	this pope is pure satanic . god will strip him down to nothing and cast him to hell fire for his crime
0	only liberal can take an athlete berating an official and turn it into sexism and a sjw issue . liberal ruin everything by putting politics into everything .
0	maybe while he is on the dl someone can show how to wear his hat
0	time to visit banbury team ! url url
1	that ’ s messed up . # walkaway congresswoman m. water ha zero control of her demon within . that ’ s what happens when she & amp ; other stupid a_ _ greedy folk willfully submit their soul to the devil . satan wa defeated again in 2016 . # americafirst # maga
1	fuck yes now i have someone to pressure me to get into every pit that open up
0	# twittershouldbe a le mean environment and le biased towards conservative .
1	you turn a dull tuesday night into a super sexy one ! so hot !
1	you have a dick ? damn didn ’ t know bhadbhabie wa actually a bhadtranny
0	girl ! which foundation ? ! ? !
1	obama never lament for those that are killed in chicago every week . chicago his old stomping ground . ask him how those draconian gun control law are working there ? and watch him blame indiana .
1	not the point ~although it is a convenient excuse for conservative to assume if one against trump then tbey ate for for clinton which is just asinine .
0	21k dong
0	100 % correct url
0	kyky do u love me ? are u in anfield ? putain la cliiimmmm # livpsg
0	yes the cpc need more liberal . good call scheer .
0	why must liberal insert agenda into everything ?
0	it is false . she is lying . check her source .
0	better leave # hiac with # sdlive woman 's title tonight ! she is the best woman on the whole roster bar none !
1	trump will never be a free range chicken again he is a danger to the world while under constant surveillance and scrutiny imagine him gallivanting around the world with the little scrap of actual intel he doe know completely unfettered just do n't see it happening
1	you are out of your fucking mind .. no socialism is good - no such thing a “ democratic socialism ” you fool
0	all voting is strategic . my comment re : whiteness '' wa meant to show how white liberal ignore that fact in making blanket aasertions about voting d , & amp ; when they turn criticism of biden into an opportunity to lecture ppl in `` safe '' d state that they must vote dem . it 's inane . ''
0	but honestly the camera suck as they 're great if you do n't zoom in
0	see she is speechless
0	discussing !
1	trump called trudeau very dishonest and weak '' and the conservative cheer . conservative in canada are trump supporter . they will accept any crumb that fall off trump table . ''
0	it ’ s a con and a mighty big con . and by who the conservative is that not so
1	he is bafoonicus !
1	when is enough enough ? this is abhorrent and inexcusable . your fearless leader seems to have forgotten that he is a public servant . url
1	trying to shape opinion . # mockingbirdmedia at it 's worse .. read the comment .. it failed miserably .. # maga # greatawakening # thestorm # wethepeople # wwg1wga # draintheswamp # releasethevideo # mockingbirdmedia # fakenews # qanon # qanon8chan url
1	this guy embezzeled at least a trillion dollar from the american people he is a divider of people he is full of hatred for the american people this guy cant be trusted look at our people that wa in bengazi they trusted him and most of them died
1	and they have some of the strictest gun control law in the country ? a the saying go if you ban gun only criminal will have them ! seems to be proving here go get them chicago .
1	you can probably imagine all the sjw snowflake that do n't feel safe '' working where there might be conservative lurking in the shadow . conservative are now the ruskies of the 21st century . ''
0	he is a millionaire . trust me he 'll just fine .
0	dead party .
1	. is staffed with unhinged liberal & amp ; this is a disgusting statement . url
0	she '' is a he . ''
1	5- most epic moment in 3 sentence graaawrl wyvern for breakfast guy ! ! ! you are so dumb the healer ha to babysit you and fire this shit try of a dragon because of your foolishness also we need to bury the half body of our tank and try to get out his other half from it stomach url
0	join me in # boycottemmys # maga
0	babe i hope you are not wonting these woman
0	she is perfect
0	liberal will be complaining that his presence hurt recovery in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ....
1	this deplorable '' from the `` dreg of society '' say # public_executions will make criminal think harder about being politicians‼ # maga # wwg1wga # qanon # draintheswamp # drainthedeepstate ''
0	you are welcome . url
0	wait so are pet store hoarding ? the fact that she is able to provide for an assistant to case for her animal mean she is adequately caring for them . lmao that doe n't mean she ha to do every single thing on her own
0	# trump chip away at liberal u.s. appeal court majority url # maga for sure fill with constitutional conservative ! ! !
0	1 ) hey , i waited 6 week for my corporate refund . finally after calling 3 time and being on hold for over 2.5 hr total , you return my call . and i find that there wa a processing error '' and you `` had no way to contact me '' so you `` waited for me to contact you '' . are you ''
0	she is on the march to match kinscem .
1	i like how her boob have the same mass a her belly xd
1	anxiety fucking suck !
0	it ’ s mind-boggling to me that some people swear that trudeau & amp ; co. are marxist ( ! ! ) and not just your standard liberal canada is v well acquainted with
1	when trump post shit like this you know that he is distracting from something else that is going on . # distractification
0	conservative : always dying on the wrong hill .
1	if you love our cop so much , why do you make it your life 's goal to take away tool they need to stop crime , and put their very life at risk ? why do you support antifa thug who assault cop and screech all cop are bastard '' ? ''
0	why doe he always have to do this
0	a short course .
0	i don ’ t think jack know too many conservative . i ’ ve never met one that didn ’ t want to lecture me on how everything should be “ run like a business ” and we should all just work harder and follow the rule .
1	when one of those side is white supremacist then it should n't be hard to say that one of those side is the wrong side . now stop trying to equate antifa with white supremacist . it just make you look more like a white supremacist .
1	gun control fun a statue of a stupid child under a desk are going to change people if that is the case they are stupid because i for will not give up my firearm or free speech or my right to no one or no government ! fuck you !
0	it fault .. she is cheat
0	the beauty of the marketplace of idea is no one is forced to bite their tongue or to cheer unless they so choose .
0	your reply make no sense
0	winston think she is lovely url
0	sam ’ s act is working . i swear she is acting !
0	-student loan debt relief -increase minimum wage -stronger gun control law -reforms for election process -stronger environmental protection -affordable housing for everyone -stronger protection for woman 's right -net neutrality
0	you are the best .
0	ok lang admin we understand . praying that you overcome whatever problem or hardship you are into right now through our lord jesus christ . # francisaglabtin2tulognalang
0	yea it will be revealing what she is now put through a to why she didn ’ t come forward .
0	well brandon .the conservative got elected on the red line . so how about listening to the erg rather than fudging the negotiation with the eu and signing up to vague promise thus playing kicking the can business . new book how to lose 2 election by t.may
0	. have a majority ! . used our money to buy it . why they obsessed w/ what would do regarding brexit ? they are not in power & amp ; they are not negotiating . . should reply to with : call a ge & amp ; you ’ ll get your answer .
0	cnn can do better . they can get down to 60 % disapproval in no time .
0	it fake ? it from 2 different map guy
0	she is a bad girl ! bad bad gril : )
0	it ’ s ( she ) is a real problem .
0	and she is getting death threat who owns comprised graham ?
0	she is a cracchead lol just waiting for her to leak it herself
0	# nodealbrexit is the better option despite the bullshit et al would have you believe . # chequersplan will be the # downfall of # theresamay and the the only brightside is when we have a # brexiteer a pm thing will change
0	. 15 minute ago vs. liberal just minute later . # cdnpoli url
0	# twittershouldbe a place where everyone can have a voice- including conservative . le shadow-banning and throttling of conservative account - # freedomofspeech # throwback # bengarrison # cartoon url url
0	antifa is a terrorist organization not a lawful protest . trump need to declare martial law and shut em down proper .
0	aaron ha barely been in it this last year . he is in a few episode then he is sent out of town for a few week . robert had that story with the white
0	because the nyt a it ha always been ( see church committee & amp ; legacy of ash ) infiltrated with deep state actor .... the extent to which the deep state will go ( see doj/fbi criminality )
0	antifa is the modern day kkk . funded by the demarat party ..
0	he need to lose some weight
1	she is uncultured
0	why do you think ? it really doe n't matter who she 's representing . we know it 's not the people . by extension we know she lie pretending she is weighing the evidence . she is always only looking for an excuse for her vote supporting whoever owns her .
0	and do n't forget her comment i 'm not some woman standing by my man like tammy wynette '' but she wa and she is . thus , she is his complicit enabling bimbo ''
0	patriachy ha harmed black men if anything . antifa is just a social justice trash hotspot .
0	my goodness you are a goddess
0	i have to thank the creator for finding me a bigger list of people to follow . perhaps now this person can do a search on antifa and other communist infecting youth .
0	# qanon devotee only : the shooting at sandy hook elementary school in 2012 wa a hoax or false flag to curry favor for gun control
0	doesn.t the state of israel do exactly the same but you are a friend of theirs ... how come they are different and you see them a a friend .
0	she know something the liberal do n't want to talk about . she said canada wa at risk '' three time in the house of common before she crossed the aisle . coming from someone of her background , i 'd be inclineed to take the warning seriously . call me old fashioned . ''
0	i wouldn ’ t mind seeing antifa try this . i doubt it ’ s bait either .
0	she is selling her pucker nationally
0	and let 's not forget that the democrat were the one who wanted to keep slavery alive
0	it ’ s anita hill versus clarence thomas all over again . i hope this confirmation process ha the same end result . # maga
0	but she never questioned congress ’ sluch fund to payoff sexual harassment settlement .
0	this coming from the soros militia . aren ’ t you the intellectual mind behind antifa ?
1	you are like a real life cartoon character ! ! i love and respect the shit out of you for it . keep doing you
0	1st thing liberal and conservative want to pas is the tpp trade deal url via # cdnpoli # tpp # nafta
0	3 ) this appointment ha been commonly know for 6 month minimum .but now when the left ha nothing else to throw at him she suddenly speaks up . 4 ) this individual is a antifa supporting liberal collage professor . continued ...
1	doe these idiot actually listen to what they say ? suck !
1	already pacing you side by side sir ! i think she woke up after the election thinking she could now retire only to be the second biggest loser . she is holding off for hope in the mid-terms and will quit once that one vaporizes like a fart in a hurricane .
0	g this a maga as take
0	the owner is a elderly lady who couldn ’ t leave the trailer cause it wa underwater and she is in oxygen tank
0	you love being on your knee .... your used to it andy vanderbilt ! stop being a hater and a liar when it come to conservative !
0	i just want to impress only one person in particular . i do n't care about the rest of the world becoz he is the world to me .
0	how so ?
1	which some fantasy gun ban you ’ re rolling over in your mind would prevent ? gun control is evil misspelled url
0	we already have gun control . who would have thought that criminal would n't follow the law ? let 's make more law telling them not to break those law !
0	evidence-based # cdc # cdc7words # bannedwords # orwell # doubleplusgoodspeak # maga # trumphasdementia
0	hillary hasn ’ t ever left the convo of any trump lover . she is their answer to the exposé of every despicable trump lie they swallow .
0	# florida what did we do ? ? ? this only add to the concern that gun right activist have with ron desantis . he voted in favor of adding the feinstein-backed “ fix nics ” gun control expansion to the omnibus spending bill in congress ... url
0	did you serve ? you rate at bottom of the barrel pal . maga . go president trump .
0	because he cover thing up very well ! !
0	source ? legit only . no faux or it minion . and just in case : antifa = anarchist . they are not left . last : url
1	indeed american need more gun control which mean hitting your target . can never have to much range time .
0	2019 tour will include flight and hotel .
0	liberal medium wo n't report it
0	if we don ’ t learn truth now before he is before confirmed there will be a lot of acrimony later when the detail of the case are learned .
1	obama done nothing fix the problem while in office ? now going about telling story . trump have being able to restore hope on gun control
1	gun control is n't about public safety ... it 's about hating 'rednecks ' and social engineering .
0	thanks for spreading joe biden ’ s word ... he is a great american that i respect very much .
1	is advocating for conduct within bound of human right but can the terrorist can be categorized a human ? they kill people mostly innocent just like berserk wild beast . even wild beast kill only when hungry . so i feel that the indian army who are doing greatly . url
0	if i done what john kery did i would be under the jail .. just saying oncve you are no longer in a position in the gov't doesnt mean to continue illigally gooing around having meeting and talk with ppl you shouldnt even be in the same room with anymore.just saying ! ! we have law ! !
1	liberal never follow through on promise . we ’ ve heard it all before . coward .
0	two word i thought i would never hear together # ticats and cornhole
0	and what about s accuser ? or s accuser ? or do you only believe those that accuse conservative ? just another elitist hollywood # hypocrite
1	who fucking care ? ! ? he wa in his home some armed cop invaded his home and killed him she is guilty . end . of . story .
1	how fucking sad
0	don ’ t forget
0	why do conservative not understand grammar
0	# maryland remember to vote # rednovember 6th . we need to put conservative in house and senate to # kag and end gov't corruption in washington . we want to keep economy booming and keep our job . url
0	this should remind all # patriot # maga what we stand against ! # wwg1wga shocking undercover video expose communist inside government : “ i break rule every day ” - sara a. carter url
0	because he will have ate it
1	when he 's not imparting these gem michael moore is stuffing his face .
0	hey why don ’ t you just leave then ? it ’ s ok we ’ ll be ok without you . let u know how much better thing are where you end up .
0	# tory # labour # ge2017 # conservative conservative url : there are over 3 million more people in work with the security of a regular pay packet since 2010. see how it 's changed in your area url url
0	thank you !
0	you are the most wonderful of fremino
0	henry
0	would any of the three offer a # peoplesvote on brexit ?
0	the merged with antifa
0	why the hell would you want gun control if you think trump 's a tyrant ?
1	lmao man people were talking so much shit yesterday . any comment marvel stan twitter ? moe overused thanos joke or ... url
1	that wa awesome . i love hearing you destroy the liberal but most of all trudeau
1	this guy is a disgusting little perv . # maga url
0	i love danielle because she is such a caring and genuine person ! her smile and positive energy brings out the best in everyone . you can always count on her to bring some sunshine into any rainy day
0	common sense gun control '' would indicate looney leftist should not be in possession of firearm . for their own safety . ''
0	btw have n't heard about antifa lately since soros ran off without paying them after their violent riot across the u
1	it ’ s for pornhub ...
1	you are whoring yourself out for nra $ $ !
1	y ’ all bitch psycho
1	carrey is a sick man ! ! !
1	ti funny you assume i ’ m left or a supporter of antifa even though i dislike nazi . you ’ re still a ball washer though .
0	& lt ; because you are my & gt ; because you are my , so i 'll cherish every moment with you . you are my past , present and my future . '' still trying my utmost to collect his postcard : ( link : url # happyhyunjaeday # believe_hyunjae_day # _ url
0	* too disconnected
1	it never get further that the cayman but i want to know what give boris the right to spunk £45m on a folly of a bridge that wasn ’ t built where is the money and what relation to him were the people who were paid it and why are they all now abroad no lnvestigation iniated why
1	time for canadian to let all liberal if no trade deal in two month no vote for any liberal mp ! make that our red line . it make no sense trump ha been able to secure trade deal around the world but canada ! obvious to anyone with a brain failure is trudeau ! he ha failed !
1	wtc this is a threat ! ! ! .. # maga # qanon # wakeupamerica url
0	his jewel have their own gravitational field !
1	remind me of antifa ratbags .
0	he wa drunk . so she is equally if not more to blame
0	he is a joke .
0	hell no # maga
0	must be becos the site think teli is a real antifa teli is a weeb'tifa
1	i 'm also a prohibited possessor thanks to obama and his every soldier ha ptsd crazy administration.ca n't get life insurance either.still support the nra and the work they do for gun rights.hoping trump will fix the wrong of labeling veteran a a mean to back-door gun control
0	they coming . url
0	nope .
1	please take john harwood 's pen away . he is incapable of unbiased reporting .
0	are you a major figurehead in antifa or just identify a one ?
1	a whore mayor stealing the money and funded by dems to bash potus . wtf is the country doing with a 1960 's power grid ? god know there enough $ $ to replace it .
0	the racist excuse every time telling it like it is '' `` against being pc '' url
0	if trump supported nazi then why would antifa a communist group want to harm trump . that 's right the communist group is made up of the democratic party .
0	i did not know this . great job # california ! # maga url
0	-- -the greatest predictor of political belief are high openness/low conscientiousness ( for liberal ) and low openness/high conscientiousness ( for conservative . ) that 's why the vast majority of artist , ... url
0	he pass the ball to keita instead should have actually shot and we would not be having any discussion . if anything he is quite selfless
0	stylistic nuance are trivial . u shud prioritise a level of discretion & amp ; ambiguity that keep ur adult life from being harmed by leftist elite & amp ; their antifa shocktroops
1	there must be a cash prize or something for whoever come up with the first “ conservative pounce ” take .
0	the reason i ask is because most liberal r totally oblivious to good thing he 's done.they often r so clueless they ca n't even name 1 thing . they just repeat what they hear from program like the view & amp ; liberal media.they have n't even researched or have a thought of their own .
1	red flag : she ’ s a “ professor ” at a liberal school and she ’ s “ unable to have healthy relationship with men ” . translation : she ’ s an antifa dyke out to stop a conservative judge and president trump even if she ha to lie .
0	and it wa hillary by a landslide i think ? ? ? ? don ’ t believe poll
1	shame on the tennis hierarchy who stole that from serena . she is a proven draw and the racist on the upper echelon just ca n't handle it .
0	exaggerating so much ! you are appreciated .
0	3 yr connected on facebook- kathy you are soooo lucky not really i am blessed to have you a a friend url
0	this would n't have become a issue if he had not been choosen for supreme court that 's a fact ... show liberal for what they are
0	of course he will not . he is a strong supporter of antifa and blm .
1	if anything , would n't that be a state law ? he 's running for federal office . think texan are moron ... about this and illegally claiming to be a government office and sending out summons '' for money . # maga # texan ''
0	my sister by far . she is the kindest , sweetest person alive . use to be my grandma but she passed in may . that woman wa a saint . even had a song written about her , my mom 's a saint '' . written by her child of course . url
0	much of the data '' being put out by gun control group is false and misleading . needlessly scaring parent is not helpful at a personal or policy level , a this suny report illusterates . url
0	come on # maga
0	give the kid a break ! he is trying to bring about change ! we desperately need something to change our violent society !
0	seems i just read that somewhere w/the word liberal in place if trump supporter plagarism best
0	16 vic had 2 game with multi sack against ot are ? in playoff that same yr no impact . he is a 6.5 sack guy . you look at his frame compared to 58 and 52 he should be mix between the 2 a a former ot he doe not bend the corner enough after intial punch and he quits
0	truly . anything to avoid gun control .
1	im going to tell you one more time to fuck off before i block and report your as . who your current president ?
0	because a former antifa in the white house and they do not arrest her and a citizen if they arrest someone explain to me .
1	this one is tough . it ‘ s too easy to hold a grudge but fucking hard to let go .
1	whataboutism '' is yet another made up word used by liberal to attempt to deflect criticism of their own ridiculous hypocrisy . ''
0	just announced on espn he is
1	dear paul mcfartney- you had u at beatles . you lost u at president mad captain . burn in hell- jon . '' url
0	old article but it going to be relevant very soon .... # clintonfoundation # maga # clintoncrimes url
0	all those fund raising dinner party 's with oligarch and their story of ripping the old soviet union to piece for their own personal gain wa a light bulb moment for many . # brexit will be a very lucrative endeavor for most of them .
0	liberal did n't want to hear from juanita broderick or keith ellison 's accuser why not ? are they being ignored
0	- will liberal agree that any is destructive ? url
0	i do n't think he need a qualification . but good on you . i am impressed . you are an inspiration to you younger peer .
0	i respect you so much . i love what youfe doing regarding our youth and our culture . thank you for loving your people . you are loved and appreciated . blessing multiplied u to you !
0	you 're talking about the clinton .
0	you are my hero ! !
0	i couldn ’ t agree more u conservative need to take our country back . # maga
1	you know you 're a racist monkey huh ? i 'm sure you know what you are a piece of trash . i never hear these piece of horse shit speak the truth only their racist lie . bitch boy it 's about the racist cop killing unarmed black and brown people ! ! that 's the fact . as clown ! !
1	yes .. shit just move with the wind she just keep blessing u
1	wow you really think this work i am going to tell my wife she is going to hell lol
1	wow you are actually terrible . imagine being proud of getting people in a disaster zone finding water arrested . the store owner did n't want them arrested and you are an awful person .
0	but it ’ s so cute when conservative try to do economy /
0	maybe he is a baker by day ..... and sleep at night cuz have to wake up early to open the bakery .....
1	i wouldn ’ t trust chuck schumer ever . he ’ s a liar and the president doesn ’ t trust him either .
0	# maga sing like no one is listening love like you 've never been hurt vote gop when no one is watching and do n't listen to liberal ' dirt url
0	do you support our potus ? ( please help by retweeting and following after voting ! ) long live usa # maga
0	omg ! ! ! ! ! he is ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
1	it 's bull shit . we all know .
0	wish to suck angel cookie ....
0	i also need to address this question : why did president trump hire two lawyer that would hire robert mueller when they did not have to ? # maga
0	whoa ! angie ! ! ! back off that logic ! you 're going to confuse the liberal .
0	just ask them how doe having some of the toughest gun control law working out for chicago
0	is n't he about to marry steven baldwin 's daughter ? he 'll be sporting a maga hat in no time .
0	it is poisonous indeed . no wonder she is called vesha bottle '' . the beauty in her eye poison every soul that stare into it . ''
1	bill you should be silent on gun control and immigrantion . you had 8 year and did nothing . do n't be a monday morning quarterback now . to little to late .
1	so the ar-15 is a fully semi-automatic assault rifle , '' gun control work , and donald trump is racist ? ''
1	pm is looking like the extra in the tory version of saw 2018 who suddenly realised that she must cut off her own limb to survive.if she escape that particular nightmare she is still a politically deceased pm . it 's impossible to appease mukga tory that do n't want a compromise url
0	a they should be
0	he is best of the best !
0	just because he ’ s in love with her doesn ’ t mean she is . they don ’ t need to go there . it ’ d feel like another lf situation .
0	tell micheal to : # wethepeople # thegreatawakening # maga # wwg1wga # qanon # q # walkaway # walkawayfromdemocrats2018 # midterm # confirmkavanaugh # fisa # economy url
0	benidorm creamfields maga not too shabby of a summer
0	pittsburgh suck kek
0	liberal have to sexualize everything .
0	no kidding ! tell your son to never be alone with a woman unless you are dating and even then protect yourself somehow ... geez i do n't know turn your recorder on .
0	scientific breakthrough ! origin of discovered # talklikeapirateday
0	thank you for explaining succinctly why a second referendum would be used by to rewrite the question and manipulate the answer in order to clingvto power # peoplesvote url
0	every identity deal with their rep differently . but to say that conservative are n't ostracized on canadian campus for their view is pretty dumb . have you never seen a conservative booth at a uni society expo ? let alone even try to organize something a a conservative ?
0	good ! # antifa is violent fascism .
0	introducing my sweet sweet baby king ! he is always sooo nice ! and when i try to sit on the sofa he never attack me ! url
0	is she a memeber of antifa ? url # kag2018
0	it 's just that it look scary . that 's all liberal care about . optic .
0	2/3 you were on tv claiming to be a journalist when kagan wa sitting there & amp ; still , you have provided no example of you berating her for using the ginsberg rule , '' to evade giving her personal view on hot button cultural topic like gay marriage , abortion or gun control . why ? ''
1	would help them but he is in his own sunken place .. to the rescue ? url
1	... we can no longer sit on the sideline and remain silent on this issue . '' - chip bergh , chief executive this is what # peopleoverprofits look like . url
0	oh ffs ! this is just sublime . you are getting better and better
1	how ? you can ’ t just say “ wrong ” with no evidence for why it is . you said you agree with sargon i ’ m pretty much every subject but gun control and healthcare . that ’ s not what a centrist belief .
1	why aren ’ t you speaking out against the injustice that are still occurring to the windrush generation/black briton whose record theresa may destroyed a home secretary and whom now she is deporting a prime minister ? # institutionalracism
0	what 's the difference between these two extreme right-wing conservative ? hint : only one of them is acting being a b'stard . url
0	# big bos 2 what happen to ashwariya not good sandrayan anna should have not got voted ashwariya should have been gone what bigboss vote for ashwariya so she is save people not voting for her
0	it 's time for the common sense conservative to take a day off and march on washington .
1	serf the bastard right !
0	we need a rico investigation
0	what about the other to girl wa that sinnfeinn fault a well oh right it 's only the ex hard line republic you are interested in she is the only victim because she would do aunt thing to bad mouth sinnfeinn shame on you
0	the whole milk thing is a lie anyway . not needed . doe weird thing to human . save your money for your labour membership . x
0	are the cruz vs. o ’ rourke debate ever going to happen ? '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	( i 'm late but neverthelesssss ) happy birthday cel ! hope u had a great day and continue being the person you are ! all the love
0	sen tim kaine is ecstatic his basement boy son ha found his niche working for the fbi a a black op coordinating & amp ; joining antifa terrorist organization ! url
1	democrat will let animal like this out all over the country if they get power back .
1	1// yal stupid people tell me to “ back off cause he is like obsessed ” bitch who ha been to all the football game . walk to class . doe literally everything for them . know exact date and number for everything me . only reason i ’ m not competition cause she ain ’ t gay
0	that 's just what satan would say if he were threatened .
0	( 1 ) this man seriously need mental health treatment and should have his firearm confiscated until he is no longer a danger to himself or others . ( 2 ) i 'm waiting for gun control advocate to add this to their list of school shooting . '' ( 3 ) who buy .22 caliber handgun ? why ? url
1	cute a fuck
0	maybe he think he is .
0	$ 10 b/w commission are still available ! please dm if you are interested ! # artistforhire # commission # robot # anthro # furry # monstergirls # cyclops # pokemon # magikarp # catgirls # possum # artistsontwitter url
0	you should collab with he make minecraft and fortnite video ! he is really nice and so fun you should try it !
0	a if chuck sat in on the trial for these allegation . he read the same twitter feed we did . because you supposedly spoke to a therapist mean nothing . you could have told the therapist you dreamt it up for all we will ever know . testify to it providing even a shred of evidence
1	lol ted cruz think # texas voter are stupid . say beto o'rourke will ban barbeque from the state of texas . # resist # maga # ridiculous url
0	i can see a case for it based on the evidence of how appalling badly the conservative have gone about brexit and now that we have a clear idea of what leaving mean .
1	total psyop at this point to anger liberal and keep them divided so they dont leave their sorry as party .
0	like unemployed libleft antifa sjw parent basement dweller ...
0	you mean like soros doe for bamn and antifa
0	5 thing you are not doing but should be doing for your blog to succeed - did you think about # 3 ? url url
0	i think that some might be wearing nasks and carruing antifa flag
0	maybe florida need to get tougher on gun control !
0	what wa this young lady doing in a room with two boy ? # blackmail # brettkavanaughhighschoolconfessions # confirmjudgekavanaugh # confirmjudgekavanaugh # boycotttheview # boycottnfl # boycottnike # maga url
0	the dog is on the hunt ! # maga url
0	well that 's because roy moore wa no longer an issue for the dems or the so called woman 's right liberal .
0	glad to see your friend are supporting metis right a much a you are supporting zionist . url
0	# sharethelove you are my top influencers this week
0	it 's funny how liberal and democrat work together but fight on twitter
0	bribery is giving something to someone . like the nra giving republican money that came from russian for ignoring gun control that 3/4 of american want . no one is saying their giving you anything . it ’ s time you represent the majority of the people of maine . u don ’ t
0	it 's also time for u conservative to forget about her and ignore her .
1	of course he is ! the corrupt democrate party is at stake ! # maga # wwg1wga
0	you mean the utter contempt brexiteers are showing to business who are now virtually screaming that this is economic suicide ? mark my word jlr is only the start . already small company are moving to mainland eu a they cost of leaving is being put on them
0	they 're referred to a # antifa .
0	i been seeing your tweet all week & amp ; you are outta pocket
0	i believe # christineblaseyford however i assert that it will make not one jot of difference after trump and recently roy moore the long ago chose to align themselves with misogyny and abuse . # kavanaughconfirmationhearing is next step to # thehandmaidstale # maga
1	he think he is smart . me ? i don ’ t think that .
0	love you norm !
0	i have quit calling them liberal and i just call them socialist democrat .
0	thank u ! ! i ’ m finally at the point where i ’ m okay with using heat on it again i ’ m so happy
0	i thought lisa o ’ neill rode him ? she is brilliant though
0	i 'm just a surprised a you are
1	yeah and guess what helped dc become not the murder capital of the world ? gun control ! it work !
1	and the nra supported gun control when it wa targeting the black panther who were defending black neighbourhood against police brutality .
0	music ?
1	so if paul golding turned up for a job at the bbc you 'd let him work for them ?
1	you after the mountie come and get you for being a dirty pervert on the internet ... only you are 150 pound heavier than him but you get the point url
0	i can definitely do that for sure !
0	so say the man who ’ s turning california into a third world country .
1	can ’ t she appeal . ? this is all kind of wrong . if i were e would beat the sh * * out of her .
0	many thinking conservative know brexit will be a disaster & amp ; will not quietly follow you over a cliff . you have not secured a deal & amp ; it is looking unlikely without major concession . no deal not an option . may might have to go for referendum or gen election . so do n't talk to soon
1	i just read that whole thread and that guy think he is a boxing medium social medium sure have mess up some ppls head
1	holy shit . you better not be drinking milk after eating that . or else ...
1	kind of why we need nation-wide gun control . are you really that stupid ?
0	hey nut job . we ’ re not a democracy . you actually awake in high school ?
0	yep truly she is a paragon of beauty .
0	why do the libdems deserve your anger today more than ( 1 ) conservative ( 2 ) corbyn ?
1	it 's ashame that republican party do n't do anything about gun control after all these people have been killed for no reason it 's ashame that republican party do n't do anything about cop killing the republican are trying to distract america
0	a disaster waiting to happen .
1	sound like you 're a fascist .
0	he looted our money and now he is repaying our debt
1	lmao i have it too . shitty quality but i don ’ t mind it either . the lowland one sound better
1	antifa facist . don ’ t let these mean anti-american use a fake title . they are facist .
0	# rebekahismoftheday # wednesdaywisdom liberal : there is no such thing a gender . '' me : `` really ? then tell me more about the wage gap . '' ''
1	us rehab a a place to escape when she ’ s in trouble . she make joke of her situation . she should be in jail for assaulting a police officer and threatening to kill him . she is classless . she should leave with boring carole .
0	# tory # labour # ge2017 # conservative conservative url introducing new law for small business that will : help the uk ’ s 5.7m small business access finance easier provide a £1bn long-term boost to the economy we… url
0	i 'm gon na show you the difference between fire & amp ; air ......... sam donald gemini unpredictable like air itself ... kahlili mack aries ... he is always gon na be on fire ... every snap of the ball every game the whole game .... sam donald trash trash trash like donald trump ........
0	he is adorable
0	it ’ s called educating liberal .
0	war on conservative never stop .
0	didn ’ t a woman beat her ? huh ...
1	oh well . it tje liberal and socialist who have made drug addiction fashionable and doable with “ free ” supply . how bout some $ $ $ for diabetic who face ongoing supply cost ? no ? but we forced to pay for these loser ?
0	please don ’ t tell me your going left ? use to be unbiased on most part but the hate one definitely is coming from a side that denounced the alt right a should be but say nothing about antifa and their hatred . it demonizes trump which again is not unbiased reporting
1	i beat they as too for letting them get hit
0	just cause you dont think he is funny doe n't mean he do n't deserve a show or just because he is a man . men work just a hard a woman . he been in the business for year 's . let the pro handle this
0	if you want societal dreg - take a look at # antifa
0	could n't care le about either one of them .
0	oh wait i read that wrong hfjdhd so they don ’ t know infinity war huh
0	no gun control people can ever explain the logic of any gun law or any weapon restriction . always just blanket statement for the sheep to follow # 2a # cruzcrew # tx # florida # voteredtosavetexas # voteredtosaveflorida
0	just turn on everywhere eb
1	antifa ? a in anti fascism ? damn who would n't want that in america ? maybe our ancestor who fought the nazi in ww2 ?
1	you bring up a great point . these moron really look at life like it 's the movie . they do it in the gun control debate all the time . they seriously think that a shootout with a bad guy will never hurt bystander . it 's why they want to arm teacher . idiot !
0	i realize there are violent trump supporter too but pale on comparison to the left . doe antifa ring a bell ?
0	nothing wa happening behind closed door because in the end she left him and month later he overdosed . none of ariana ’ s business . she is not responsible for him
0	what if the cop are part of the antifa
0	aweeee happy bday e-panda you are an amazing drummer ( maybe better than b ; ) ; ) ) have a great one : ) ) ) )
1	useful idiot for international communism just like antifa today . url
0	stay vigilant conservative ! !
0	the holy spirit is given when you are saved
0	a long a they vote republican .
0	ha ! compared to whom ? kerry ? obama ? clinton ? booker ? harris ? really ?
0	just need to hang in strong together such action will hand tory a life line on a plate ? without are going to be ripped apart come the next general election
0	# spanishrevenge vs. # justice # humanrights and # freedomofexpression # spain is a # fakedemocracy # cddr # shameonspain # wakeupeurope url
0	bless their little entitlement self . i will never watch another game .
1	even pedophile in interview will tell you the only way to stop them is to kill them . pedophile even admit to when out of prison they will offend again and that ’ s what keep them alive in prison ... the hope of another opportunity to molest an innocent child . they are sick f * cks
1	just keep saying fast and furious ! holder the man that planned gun control by handing out weapon to criminal cartel ... sound like a great guy to run a justice department because he will work with anyone including criminal to fill his own agenda instead of that of the people !
0	you will never get a straight answer from any gun control group on a question like that !
0	why waste time on her ? she is irrelevant .
0	omg my heath bleeds for your daughter and your family . hold her tight and keep telling her how safe she is and that your will always be there for her .
0	so pointing a toy gun at armed police is part of the libs gun control strategy ?
0	how do you know he is ? because he said he is ? lol
0	& amp ; may need to end the stigma '' of living in b & amp ; b by allowing council to build more affordable social housing . ''
0	# hey did france ’ s gun control hurt it resistance to the nazi ? url
0	you are . but you are also sick and that alert my doctor side .
0	13 teacher and student blasted in wisconsin with 12-gauge winchester 1300 pump-action shotgun . the nra blame gun control law .
0	2. the reality is that alleslev ’ s crossing over ( more like double xing ) to the cpc is good news for the liberal a anyone who seriously belief that the con are a better party ha questionable intelligence & amp ; judgement and the liberal are better off without her
1	evolution . an evolution we helped to enact . # brexit is economic and social suicide .
0	soy boy is a slur against liberal . i wasn ’ t calling you anything .
0	come out and disavow w and the sign or else you are linked to charlottesville and trump . and don ’ t say antifa is bad too ...
0	kavanaugh accuser christine blasey ford may testify before senate judiciary committee '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
1	liberal are claustrophobic ?
0	it ’ s good to know there ’ s always a second option .
0	the liberal have sunk to an all new low .... how tragic ! !
0	dear lord . do you have a clue what the black panther stood for ? the still stand for sensible gun control law . we have law already in place to prevent people who should never own firearm from ever obtaining them . now ? talk to your leo about enforcing them . gun arent
0	antifa ? lol . really stretching there . hee hee . he ’ s going down for obstruction of justice too .
0	antifa is hatred incarnate
1	furries can suck my dick , this is both an offer and an insult '' ''
1	did she make some sort of sexual or foul joke ? liberal really like making her do that
0	. the kavanaugh accuser issue make it evident the dbl standard the dems use to discredit conservative . please release and make public all the name of those who used the congressional sexual harassment fund . let all the their accuser come forward ... url
0	gun control ? this is a really good example why it 's a bad idea for cop to be the only one with gun . having a gun really close is the only thing that might have saved this poor man .
1	to justify his death to racist & amp ; bigot . they 're excuse will be well he had weed so he is a criminal & amp ; deserved to be murdered . just wait till the excuse start .
0	im sure you are not : ( (
0	man he is so fine
1	so much as tho
1	* scream @ own as * im not gay you are url
0	what a handsome boy ! reminds me of one of my foster a little bit . sorry i don ’ t have a better picture - she is one of the one that got away . i ’ d have 20 if i could . url
0	you are too nice ily
1	“ my head is a fuckin egg ”
0	i would n't say i 'm conflicted - article 7 would be justified - but you are right in stating that the really important decision will be taken ( or postponed ) inside the the sargentini report wa but a prelude . those who want # orban out should now push harder .
1	funny that even the woman that brought roe vs. wade to the # scotus regretted it later . it wa one thing to have a medical emergency that required an abortion ( though rare ) & amp ; another to have liberal celebrating killing their unborn child & amp ; pretending it 's health care .
0	# tory # labour # ge2017 # conservative conservative url long-term approach ha a number of advantage including the ability to work with our supply chain and landowner to build more home . paul hackett , chief executive… url
0	# lowemissions # bus # transport # conservative pm announces £106m funding for low-emission vehicle : url
0	good for you matt ! common sense . # maga
1	i think michelle spilled democrat plan for civil war .. liberal are lunatic
1	demon-craps just ca n't get over the fact that they are not in charge .... they 're delusional to think something that will effect the country in such a profound way will just be bargained away .... american 's have dream that come first over illegals .
1	you are an asshole !
0	turn out cody 'sanjuro ' wilson fancy himself a a samurai . probably collect fake sword # riceking # usefulidiot # qanon # maga url
1	this is why woman lose their credibility- she wa empowered ? ? ? ohhhh me too ! these woman and liberal have high-jacked the movement for woman who really have been abused . disgusting
0	... the book make trump look good & amp ; make the so-called deep state '' - 'particularly mueller - look like a pack of partisan hack . ' woodward book prof 1 thing , liberal fear trump isn & amp ; # 8217 ; t breaking , the deep state is url
1	one really horrible incident i could show you hundred of antifa but they did n't kill anybody yet ! ! ! !
1	thinking about the student-loan crisis '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	manhattan liberal bus north to campaign for dem congressional candidate via url # college # maga # donaldtrump
1	i thought you said the nyt wa “ failing ” and “ fake news ” . so this can ’ t be true ; it ’ s made up !
0	she is in our prayer .
1	he is both evil and delusional . he eats those high quality paint chip .
0	yup . liberal ( by which i mean fan of liberal democracy '' ) are all too happy to let everyone else around them die a long a they maintain a comfortable existence . it 's a fucking disgrace . we need to get the ball rolling on serious socialist organizing if we are to survive . ''
0	trump is making america great again via url
0	chuck is too old to play their game . he is going forward .
1	holder ha a perverted view of the law . not surprising since he is a democrat .
0	go roger i quit watching anyway nfl is on the way down the people are moving kid to soccer golf tennis shame but kneeler are killing the game
1	he is such an a-hole . sad .
1	f hope ! since he ’ s ‘ not smarter than a 5th grader ’ maybe she is !
0	beyond absurd ! ehat flavor kool-aide is being dispensed at the water cooler ? # groupthinkstinks
0	he ’ s always at the corey of the non-issue .
0	well she is hot and lie with a smile .. so yeah
1	one of the very first state in the u to legislatively legalize gay marriage . extremely progressive gun control . minimum wage increase . free college . i know these thing don ’ t count for dipshits like you . but they are major and they count .
0	honestly ya when i talk about my opinion on gun control ppl are taken aback .
0	he is so kidding !
0	he should withdraw.he is hurtng gop chance i url is a credible person.the judge is suspect
0	haha ... i thought omg ! he wa red pilled ! i looked back through my reply and it only go about a month back . i couldn ’ t find the convo .. so thought i ’ d ask . have a good one brother ! maga
1	ya obama on trade 2-years ago : trump is just not telling the truth '' `` how stupid could our leader be '' trump god bless trump ! # maga # kag .. ( full link+trump 's answer url
0	shocking undercover video expose communist inside government : “ i break rule every day ” - sara a. carter url # maga # wwg1wga
0	i just know my family life out west . hard core conservative . they love bernier . all their friend love him . that is going to split the party . alberta is huge pc block . not my politics but you can ’ t choose family .
0	# qanon # greatawakening awake yet ? ? it wa a setup from the beginning ... and most liberal know it .. they just do n't have the moral to accept it ! ! url
1	an accusation is not enough . we are fortunate to live in a country where you are innocent until proven guilty .
0	i mean if he is willing to move up for canelo . then i want to see him v a charlo or hurd then
1	# god the medium using criminal a hero to push for gun control
0	you are welcome dear but for what ? url
0	# 1standlast i believe just asked vontae davis if he is going to play another game this season . url via
0	if we are not in control '' then how come you are allowed to tweet that idea in the first place ? ''
0	love ya girl ! ! never change ! ! your perfect a you are !
1	no one attacked kavanope ! ! we are allowed to question liar . he is secretive and he lied under oath . what more do you need ?
0	* * * william molina romero ha been located safe and sound . he is back with his loved one thanks to a community member spotting him . thank you all for keeping a sharp eye out and ensuring his safe return home . * * * url
1	i mean if allsup wa a communist or some antifa shithead people would be coming to her defense despite what a shit she is . this political team sport is dumb . allsup is a dickweed .
0	but the wicked like the troubled sea , when it can not rest , whose water cast up mire and dirt . no peace , saith my god , to the wicked . '' isaiah 57:20-21 ''
0	we all want gun control .. but it is a slippery sloop a dimms have proven time and time again . give them an inch and they will take a mile .. ask prz reagan . made a deal with dimms .. they said sign our bill on amnesty first and we will back you on comprehensive immagration reform url
0	so speaks according to his own bio ...... a christian . a white man who worship jesu .... s a brown man ...... being racist to brown hobbit . he is two thing .... a ringwraith and a blocked ringwraith . thanks heaven out of 6 billion people on the earth only 18 want to follow him
1	# nazisarebad their program called for the nationalization of education , health care , transportation , and other major industry . they instituted and vigorously enforced a strict gun control regimen . they encouraged pornography , illegitimacy , and abortion , ... '' ( 3 ) ''
1	rock # maga url
0	launching her campaign in # mississauga she is working for a more socially and economically responsible city ! url
1	beware of rightist false flag like the narrative of the ok sign being a white nationalist dog whistle . it 's not . # theresistance # resist # bashthefash # antifa # smashfascism url
0	‘ fake news ’ is term used rather than the word deception ! # maga # walkaway # redtsunami
0	11/21 political corruption : texan : among liberal and conservs , r 's and d 's , large majority favor limit on campaign spending and say the high cost of campaigning discourages many good candidate from running for president. ” # betoforsenate url
1	tbh these day i just do n't like people in general i just do n't connect with people these day just a annoyance ..
0	why do n't jes get a job at cnn ! cause i will not watch her when she is on ! ! !
0	she is great
0	i ’ m just pointing out it wa the liberal that made this distinction . i am a buddhist . i totally understand the global perspective . it ’ s just disingenuous to say your for a country but then say your for the globe .
0	that mean you are a max lvl . twitter user and maybe should try a new game
0	glad you are ok
0	good
1	and the factory ’ s coming back u do n a movie on that ... sum worth do n .. cause just sling shit show no intelligence ..
0	wait for it . the dims are going to preach gun control ....
0	we need gun control liberal should not have access to gun . they are not mentally stable . this must stop
0	# lpfirsttime he is comingggg
0	proud to follow all . thanks for the follow-back !
1	now just vote him out . he is a known racist .
0	exactly ! you have shined a light on the core issue . and i have been saying this for year to deaf ear . conservative have to start supporting conservative voice and message in the art . until then they will always be fighting from a defensive position .
0	whose twitter interest start with food- is he even worthy of responding ; unless he is a professor of nutrition or food technology ?
1	the nose distracts from the news
0	they 're not # buildthewall # lockthemup # drainthedeepstate # nflwalkaway & amp ; # maga
0	what a stupid incompetent devious and toxic pm ! may have n't you forgotten 17.4 million voter ? betray u at your peril ! you are eroding faith in democracy + destroying tory party ! you should go url
0	antifa would put nail in the pillow so i dont recommend it
1	bill and brooke deserve each other . they are like hot and cold . they ’ re in love with this person this week and in love it that on the next . brooke i can understand . she is the sftv but bill ? ! they ’ ve ruined him .
0	the are the party of violent liberal antifa with their kkk hood beating up stranger they know nothing about . they should have stopped that a long time ago & amp ; quit funding it . i have trouble believing anything they say or that they actually care about any of their cause .
0	i hope this is not true but it 's another good death nail in the liberal chance . amazing how they have no respect for the money of hard working canadian
0	california is a state . in the usa . how stupid do you have to be to think there is gun control ?
1	she is so calm & amp ; patient . that ’ s great .. keep it up . don ’ t mind people bc everyone ha their own viewpoint on each aspect of life .
0	no he is waging war against you & amp ; all of the horrible thing you have done .
0	student have voice melania ? then why doe your husband want to shut up student like when he ’ s trying to help our country with gun control !
1	fake as emoji
1	to what ? chicago already ha thf strictest gun control law in the country ...
0	let me correct this . jeno is my soul and you are my mate skshsksk
1	mueller prof the judicial system is weaponized . democrat special council only charge republican . so if we play the game then republican special council should charge democrat . right ! ball in your court republican . maga url
1	if the tournament of shit ain ’ t on here ... url
1	ok but please understand that i am not one of dubakoor mumtaj dubakoor army . i only support her for certain thing . i get what you are saying and i don ’ t understand how she ha survived from up to this point . for me she is not fit for title winner .
0	not quite accurate . true conservative dislike trump . it ’ s everybody who ’ s not a liberal or conservative that is displeased with her .
0	he ’ s gon na tip him two new asshole
0	you are so beautiful
0	i do n't live in the u so maybe that is one reason why i do n't know who she is
0	are you still blaming the black man for everything ? american remember .. antifa
0	so you 're fascist * and * antifa ? url
0	i think we can get the picture in that one
0	it ’ s a civil war politically by the democrat and a physical war with their brown shirt antifa .
1	you ’ d also know this isn ’ t about woman at all b/c democrat don ’ t call for justice for woman assaulted by democrat when there is both evidence of injury & amp ; police report . you ’ d know dems only demand conservative be found guilty upon accusation . you ’ d know this is all political . url
0	# gun # 2a 6-time olympic shooting medalist say gun control is ‘ killing our sport ’ : six-time olympic shooting medalist kim rhode said monday night that new gun control measure implemented in her home state of california — an url url
0	nobody voted for it ... but these right wing seem desperate to deliver it !
0	all these accusation were to just write a book . there wa never an affair if it were true why would we trust u . you took the money and still told about it . why do people call you by your prostitute name . maga 45 .
1	from a man ( fast and furious ) wa held in contempt
0	it 's so very important between now and the midterm to get the word out that all the # democrat want people of color to believe is they support them - which a you know is so false . how can the word spread even more to those who need to know ? # maga # naacp
0	god help u
0	she is so smart .
0	the only white people that thank jesus are republican & amp ; ex-crackheads '' - so say america-hating liberal about christian . many ex-dems thank jesus too- & amp ; many former emmy watcher . we thank jesus daily for our country , our & amp ; the ability to turn you off !
1	what an “ actor ” joe biden is .... and that ’ s alll he is ! ! ! a “ fake ” phony actor ! ! get off of the stage joe ... your time ha come & amp ; gone ! ! ! we “ dreg of society ” could care le about what you preach ! ! !
1	do you have evidence that trump did n't collude with russia ? duuuueerrrrhhh , he said so ... maga ! '' url
1	wow ! ! ! never thought i 'd see the left actually admitting they want to shut down free speech unless it 's their own . at least they are admitting they are the facist . after all they did create the 2 most facist group ... antifa and kkk .
0	texas race is no race . believe it liberal !
0	he shot himself in a gun free zone . so much for gun control law
0	she took a polygraph to prove something to her husband . i think they were in counseling because she is frigid with her husband and he want to know why . so she made up a cockamamy story a a coverup for her current lesbian affair .
0	ok can i have my two cent here ! ! ! this is not the end of yalls friendship ! ! ! maybe you should actually say sorry first because you are the man i ’ m not taking either side ! ! ! ! i depend on y ’ all and other people do too ! ! ! i ’ m just a peep here ! ! ! let ’ s all be happy ! ! !
1	# democrat and # liberal don ’ t give a damn about allegedly committing physical violence on his ex-girlfriend but they all rush to discredit kavanaugh for a 35 year old “ vague ” 11th hour accusation . # walkaway # hypocrite
0	my experience is the gun control activist do n't really want a conversation , they want capitulation . the way around that would be to open with proposal to expand gun right in exchange for whatever is they 're looking for . there ca n't really be a conversation '' without that ''
0	you are such a beautiful classy lady
0	be carrful he is smol
1	yet this kid in chicago killing each other daily cause u doing so much good in your home state with gun control right ?
0	fascism of the right is fully represented by the and protected by the who hold the left '' to account with their threat to tax haven . ''
1	so i ’ m at the store and a dude walked in wit a maga shirt on ( smh ) dog i wa mean muggin the fuck outta dude so much that he left his broad in the store .
0	it 's odd because they could easily withdraw him and get another acceptable to conservative seated before new congress is seated in january .
1	are all you liberal idiot ?
1	she is a biggest thing she a fail everywhere else
0	it ’ s horrific adam . look at the way the conservative ’ endorsement of orban ha been waved through - it should be a source of national shame . but it ’ s the norm .
1	if jamie oliver fuck with my £3 meal deal at tesco i ’ ll kill the cunt
1	shit ode
0	wow this wa the most civil gun control debate/arguement ive even seen on twitter
0	best news of the day
0	spoke with a woman in croatia today . she said 80 % of croatia love ! ! # maga
0	california should consider passing some gun control law ...
0	beto is anti american and belief in open border and illegals recieving benefit . texan need to keep our state red !
1	hahaha the goofball is losing money and is still to dumb to know why ..
0	you ’ re so sexy girl ... all of you are
0	holder is a known perjurer and race baiting obama stooge . nothing big he say should have any meaning .
0	just imagine the divorce case if she had n't murdered him . your honor , i would like to introduce into evidence the book wherein she detail how she is planning to kill me ... '' ''
0	he truly is projecting . prior to coming on this thread it doesn ’ t seem he had any interaction on twitter just a lonely boy trolling conservative .
0	did n't see him matching with antifa tbh
0	; ) keep an eye out
1	these nigga getting put on list and straight as only nigga i seen good wa yoshi patchmade jay and a few more rest are as
1	antichrist . the roman catholic church is a house of demon .
0	american are a people of the creed ; a family in faith ; formed by an idea and united in defense of the singular concept of liberty . # wwg1wga # maga url
1	i can ’ t even listen to any of these idiotic liberal . they all seem a brick short of a load .
0	the gibraltar people will be hostage in the remaining # brexit negotiation . do or the care ? not a fig !
0	uh ... all of their signature are on the record '' , genius . # maga ''
0	i guess you didn ’ t see the 9/11 ad that replaced db . glad you are up on thing .
0	is my guy ! he is my god son
0	radicalism like supporting socialism ? ? like antifa smashing window and rioting ? can you be more specific ? ?
1	please stop calling the loser “ elite ”
1	a well this would allow you to still protest . but not stop a speaker or a group . really hitler did this in the early time of the nazi party a group known a the s would beat up politician and people that did n't agree with them . ( sound familiar smell like antifa . )
0	girl so am i .. lol he is actually grown now
0	one from adelaide and one antifa . i now understand why your both so angry .
0	i just think that he 's more likely to be lying about this to protect himself than she is lying just to disrupt her life for no apparent reason . i 've also known entitled men like him .
0	she is now going to the neurorealist crowd to complain that she just want to be inclusive and that the nd community is attacking her for being white '' . ''
0	it 's a shame some people like you are so obsessed with never admitting you 're wrong
1	chloe shut the fuck up . seriously get a fucking life and leave u alone . idk how many time we have to fucking tell you . bc you clearly you don ’ t fucking get it .
0	pat shurmer scored 7 point against the eagle in playoff last year and only 22 at home v saint until miracle play he is not a great offensive coach .
1	you are all rapid dog 's
0	it 's up there with the bumper sticker liberal '' , just more expensive . ''
1	another overdose nigga : (
1	eric holder should be in prison .
1	nurse is valuable in his own end ! ? ! ? have you watched him play ? he rarely get the puck out in first attempt . also not all that spectacular defensively . not worth what he is holding out for .
1	she say no . you are now sad . she then realizes what you might actually mean . she slap you . she say no . now you are sad and your face hurt .
1	hahahaha omg these people . they thought they would have their way forever . idiot
0	. continues our look into government spending . part ii is focused on funding announcement made in battleground quebec over the summer # cdnpoli url
0	amazing seeing how she is a prof and an activist
0	. just another republican hater ! it amazes me that liberal don ’ t like republican ’ s money colin you ’ re fired ! # boycottcolinjost # emmyawards url
1	antifa thug remind me of orcs if they are stupid enough to try and take someone firearm i would n't be surprised if it an orc who is thrown in a dumpster
0	omg yes !
0	thanks awake . love you guy . following all patriot .
1	but i thought antifa were actually fascist but this show rethuglicans are the actual fascist in the room .
0	goodell should resign . that would be social justice .
1	i will never forget what level you racist liberal went to and what you did to clarence thomas . liberal are the worst people ever .
0	if you do n't think everybody want to be rich , sadly you are lying to yourself . pretending otherwise is simply an excuse to settle . nothing wrong with settling , but to dismiss those who want more for themselves a greedy '' is disingenuous . ''
0	i did n't know football team had private prison . thank you for providing this insight for me . hopefully when he is released he will realize what he ha done wrong and not do it again .
0	i thought liberal got rid of high school shop class
0	where did you get that kavanaugh doe n't want an investigation ? cnn ?
0	antifa nut case .
1	but refugee ! marijuana ! peoplekind ! gun control !
1	liberal are the worst sexist . not all woman speak truth especially political activist . try judging the veracity of the allegation by evidence instead of gender .
0	fbi had `` two set of record '' on trump investigation ; comey , mccabe implicated : carter '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	every antifa group member is also an antifascist . but not every antifascist is also an antifa member . i am an antifascist but not a group member of antifa .
1	give me a fucking break . liberal are so selective with their false outrage . a turd of a president get rightfully railed for saying , grab them by the pussy '' decade before but a hollyweird get a pas for saying `` fuck the shit out of the boy next to him '' get a liberal pas ? url
0	joan is playing 4 character this season all the way up to episode 6 so far .. pretty sure she is a main
1	stop saying this shit you are not going to do it shrio you have to fight this depression you ca n't let it take you half of my life wa me hiding my emotion everyone thought i wa happy but deep down i wanted to end it all but i did n't let depression beat me i kept fighting .
0	our only option to save our country ... is to never stop fighting for her ... vote maga red url
0	followed all patriot . please follow back . # maga
1	3 ) conservative think it because the neocon infiltration that successfully corrupted , and nearly destroyed , conservatism ha been brainwashing them for decade to accept anything with the free trade '' label a good - and anything with `` protectionist '' attached to it a bad . ''
0	this is an excellent way for antifa member to take the room temperature challenge .
0	entire audience '' yeah , that 's solid reporting . lol . ''
0	the rule today were put in place to prevent player acting like those bad boy '' of the past . she is a professional , she knew that her coach broke the rule , he admitted a much . saying others do n't or did n't get called is no defence . she wa only fighting to be above the law . ''
0	do n't hold your breath . biased medium will just double down on conservative . the public is slowly catching on .
0	sorry to read this . you ’ re doing the right thing to report it and warn u all about them . needle to say you are none of the thing they say . stay strong .
0	she is telling to be best to student . wow ! what a role model she is .
0	and thank god he did win . there is more money in american worker pocket . more job available . tax break for the middle class . we are in an industrial boom where i live . new neighborhood and school being built just to handle the people coming in to fill these job .
0	getting exactly what they deserved
1	fuck me daddy
1	i am sure he is doing that in his organization . also respect is a two way street . law enforcement job is to protect and serve it citizen . it like they miss that part .
1	fuck off url
0	let 's focus on gun control law and then focus on the border wall and get the money from mexico
0	it wa billy clinton 's welfare reform '' that caused this . to be clear billy clinton is republican lite , like hillary is . the clinton 's campaign on progressivism , but govern a conservative . ''
0	a nothing burger ..
0	she is a skrull . enemy of the kree . the kree are who gave carol her power and whose uniform she is wearing in the first few moment of the trailer .
0	basically me and my liberal friend want to decide what 's right for the rest of you .
0	if he did wouldn ’ t this be the sort of thing liberal love ? don ’ t they hate all law enforcement ?
0	i want to # askalivelshi why is n't the basic issue of survival of the fittest '' v `` take care of everyone '' the dems main point . is n't this the core of all others ? gun control , wealth and income inequality , health care , entitlement , epa , glbl wrm . most agree here url
0	people like you are the greatest campaign tool conservative have . thanks for your service to the # loonyleft !
0	you are innocent until proven otherwise ! i would say most definitely she need to prove her story is true
0	you should probably start reading your bible hun .
1	blaming trump for the hurricane is showing his ignorance and hate .. if only he were to give his salary to their recovery maybe then he can help
1	sanchez suck . he is killing this team imo .
0	. used his # ldconf2018 speech to spell out the issue facing britain and how they can be overcome without resorting to the populism of and the the are the only party who # demandbetter for britain url
0	keep doing your thing . i ’ m just sitting back enjoying url
0	hey genius hitler wa dead two year before trump wa born .
0	how right you are .
0	happyhappy birthday missy ! ! url
0	the one thing mr morrison ha achieved is to demonstrate how unsuitable he is to the role .
1	yup fooled antifa threw big ol ' fire pit rock at mah truck called the cop said them commie dunnit neat lawyer trick huh url
1	word cause her music slap there 's no reason she should n't be selling out big as show ( idk if she is or is n't but she deserves )
0	her last name say a lot mess !
1	ford is a liar & amp ; a ultra left wing radical working with george soros & amp ; others such a antifa & amp ; the dem party ha known it all along .
0	i guess it mean it 's time to show that the uk can be united . enough of division and circular argument .
0	5.0 star review on socialsurvey — cristyn made my buying experience so easy and enjoyable ! she is amazing ! by lindsay p. for cristyn dye url url
1	sick ! ! ! i hope he is not teaching !
0	good . maybe they ’ ll give it to him .
0	goth if u do n't mind how u vet to 530 i 'm currently stuck at 516 and done my powerful gear
1	hope they bankrupt soon
0	and we deplorables will use the 2a to keep our democratically elected president in power . how about that
0	gun control seems to work in australia aint have a mass shooting since . and police brutality happens literally every week there a new video surfacing . url
0	liberal wear pu $ $ y hat for a reason .
0	so a cop kill someone and this becomes a gun control issue ?
0	he is going to win !
1	he is a disgrace
0	brennan still ha the sniffle over cecil the lion .
1	she say she wake up from sleep thinkin she is gon na get trump . she need a psychiatrist ! asap
1	please can i have some of whatever it is you ’ ve been smoking ? thats some top quality shit you ’ re coming out with .
0	probably while screaming about gun control .
0	can ’ t believe you are not competitive for the same service a for life . your service isn ’ t worth and extra $ 30 a month . # cancel
1	jehovah and yahweh is most immoral ! seriously he is one big lying contradiction !
0	he/she deserves those tattoo . hope the antifa follow .
0	you think they ’ ll “ get ” violent ? antifa already is ..... i do agree it will get worse . that ’ s why we all need to learn self defense and get concealed carry approved w/insurance .
1	nra tweet wa a fraud : more than half of american say gunrights are the most important issue . '' falsehood . the 53 % wa `` gun rights/gun control '' , and ca question indicates biase towards control . deliberate knowing propaganda . url url
1	never had . let 's fuck it up .
0	i do n't know what you are trying to say with that ahah
1	the ‘ antifa ’ crowd ? what a quack .
1	i think # altright is going to burn their jean next ... url
1	first law — sensible fucking gun control !
1	can this guy get any lower ? one of the dumbest people in our country ! how did anyone in arizona voted for this idiot ?
0	when will people support gun control ? that 's more important . do n't you care about human life ? no
1	such a fucked night
1	a special kind of # antifa when he learns the correct spelling of tomorrow ! ffs proper shitting myself now
0	great news ! old moonbeam just went into a coma !
1	could anyone expect anything le from a fool like j rubin ? incompetent hair on fire libs cost people their life and blame it pres . trump .
0	morrow history is he is not going to stay healthy . he 's a dominant reliever but his track record is he going to land on the dl at some point
1	holy shit no way
1	i want to prove to him how actually retarded he is
0	pffft the new tweet '' just keep wondering around the interface ''
0	please clarify what subsection you are referring to .
1	i ’ m really not on any side of this mess but all day people were siding with cardi talking bout nicki and do shit . jsjdhkdfhjfkfkhsjdhd mess ! !
0	# sadiqkha n't say me must remember # child in # warzones ? doe this include # london mr # mayor ? your balloon had more substance than you ! # mayoroflondon # maga # mbga # mega # mcga # conservative # patriot url
0	it just turn by itself into the wall
0	antifa is expressly anti nazi . is nunes identifying with nazi ?
0	isn ’ t this from the saul alinsky book # rulesforradicals or favorite book antifa handbook
0	you have of notice that he is not too much appreciated anymore here at the moment ! good evening ! i'sorry for my english wrote .
1	lol you are being mean .
0	you would do well in austin . very blue ... you are a likely to find wiccan folk a super conservative .
0	did twitter silence alex jones in retaliation of him asking twitter jack question url
0	... those who stayed put over the past 12 months-according 2 the federal reserve bank of atlanta . '' # maga ''
0	nicely said daniel ! ! ! very true ! ! !
0	caribbros please fix oroshimaru he is broken he teleports and he can spawn a lot of snake but player can only spawn one thing how are we onna beat him if he is so broken and glitchy !
0	illegal assembly look it up .
1	every time ! i hate it it the most horrifying feeling . it happens to me when im dozing off . then i jolt wide the fuck awake -_-
0	yes they can , dickey amendment `` none of the fund made available in this title may be used , in whole or in part , to advocate or promote gun control , the provision state . '' they can research all they want , they just have to stay out of politics around gun control . ''
1	he need to either pick politics or singing ....... either way he stink at both !
0	self defence is justified but that is not what antifa doe is it ! ! !
0	my world of warcraft character is named limn
0	he forgot to tell you that during slavery the democrat were conservative
0	she is the face of the democrat party . she should be locked up for bullying the republican party . she ’ s rich . life in a mansion and her district is in poverty . she ’ s more like a dictator in her district ! !
0	watch out u may start a benghazi ..
1	i love you u beautiful bitch rawr
0	you are an incredible person pal . i know you wo n't ever convince yourself otherwise
0	jajaja too funny . i have never heard ever speak bad about antifa . time to denounce them now .
1	let 's not kid ourselves ... you are a prostitute ... for the
0	where do you find antifa in chicago
0	you do when you are disconnected of social network ? # askally
0	you are my sunshine my only sunshine
0	incoming the gun control patrol
1	but not long ago the same ray went off on a follower ( who quite possibly pay for his service ) for pointing out a guy ( don ’ t remember who ) for getting injured again . you guy pay this asshole bill
0	# release the kraken ! ! # wwg1wga ! ! # maga ! ! url
0	listen to general flynn speech . read his plea deal # wwg1wga # maga # therainmakers # qanon # qarmy url
0	i ’ m black and what you are telling me is that i can be in my own dwelling and you can just walk in and kill me . no that ’ s not it . let ’ s run a smear campaign even though i ’ m the victim . this rage i feel ha to be settled down with love but i will be at the next rally . i promise .
0	pray for judge kavanaugh and his family . # maga # kavanaugh # kavanaughconfirmation # kavanaughconfirmationhearings
0	remember when for decade conservative yelled at liberal and progressive for being moral relativists ( they were n't ) ? that wa fun .
0	the only reason ford is receiving any threat is because liberal exposed her when she asked to be anonymous
1	if we lose tomorrow we r fucked . tomorrow is our season lol . too tough a schedule to drop one like this
1	he is a crook
0	that is actually a compliment since she is one of the biggest artist out today . thanks
0	the world wide phenomenon of podcasting and mvp of shittalking !
0	they still making bread
0	you will want to be in my bunker one day and you are not invited . i am the anti-antifa !
0	strongest gun control in the country
0	it seems to me that she is the one that ha no real idea what she went through or whether or not she actually went through anything negative involving judge kavanaugh . her recollection are vague at best with absolutely zero corroboration . you are supporting a dangerous precedent
0	antifa isn ’ t after her .
1	yeah we do legitamately need better mental health treatment in the u ( not to say that 's a replacement for stronger gun control )
1	look up # kavanaugh stop this shit ! . # maga url
0	much of your promise of money is not extra/new a govt took back £817 million promised for new affordable '' home ! stop right to buy - we have a created # housingcrisis now , too little , too late ! url
1	i feel you dude it fucking suck
1	colin is a dick would sell out just a quick !
1	thing are definitely fucked up when you need to state the obvious like this . conservative are needed just like liberal are needed . one without the other is faulty .
0	i hope you are being sarcastic ... she acted like a spoiled brat .
1	# redwave a coming ! ! that 's ok tho . no conservative will harm you b/c of your political ideal . cant say the same for liberal tho . liberal can be vile and nasty to opposing view . url
1	she is not a cheater . that chair ump robbed her .
1	establishment turd ! conservative have a much better memory than liberal ! ! we don ’ t have eye full of hypocrisy blinding u ! ! url
1	lmaooo fucking love you see you hotties soon xox
0	where is this person gun control narrative ? certainly he must not believe in the second amendment ! ? ! ?
1	this liberal is pissed that anyone would give that disgusting po an award for equality . and .... f.u . for including all liberal in this bullshit decision by the hrc .
0	there o no such thing a antifa
0	energy independent
0	a disgrace ...
0	fast and furious holder lol
0	3 year mate ! ! !
0	what ad hominem . he is paid by the e cigarette industry . in what universe people tend to be neutral when it get to their paycheck . get anything out there and it will be cited . not everybody know the truth about people motivation . welcome to planet earth when money talk
0	i 'm responding with a fact . you are totally unfamiliar with how harper government incentive and it 's laughable that you 're saying that . you know what you can have your check mate . i give it to you .
0	she is . she 's gorgeous
1	democrat suffering from trump derangement syndrome are desperate . their dirty trick wo n't work and the end is inevitable . # maga # tds # walkawayfromdemocrats2018 url
0	i have a friend that ’ s abt an hour from myrtle beach and she is scared to death
0	a he jump into his private plane to fly off into the sunset
1	what i cant like he is legit watching my ever move in rehab ! ! !
0	here ’ s helping improve how woman are to be watched in sport . url
1	hollywood is full of demonic democrat .
0	he is pretty good !
0	perhaps we have zeroed in on the problem with liberal . their fruit and vegetable are unclean .
0	lebron amazing swallow clear beat deplorables ca n't believe # maga scott adam
0	finally a administration that care about it legal citizen
1	good god woman . shut up . if you liberal really believed this would have spoke out against this the day she received the letter .
0	and democrat want an open border and gun control ...
0	doe it hurt to constantly apologize for far right conservative
1	maybe in 2020 ( if trump is still around ) the democratic challenger will invite all the woman trump ha threatened or raped to the debate . # fear # bobwoodward # theresistance # magats # maga url
0	if you are really concerned about anti-semitism in our society why have you both not condemned both the tory party & amp ; the lib dems for not yet adopting the ihra ?
1	the pope is complicit . make no mistake . anyone who harm a child . . .
0	he should just stick to sport but liberal ca n't help themselves .
0	so she wa to put her happiness on hold for him to get himself together . she is not the cause of his passing he overdosed . if anything he wa his own destruction . you can ’ t put the blame on her no one can . plus i ’ m pretty sure she is just a messed up about his death a anyone .
0	i love the video article and the diagram . the story are not too long and you are doing a great job of teaching . in fact i 'd love to see more .
0	got all of u- please follow back
1	which is why it ’ s awesome that kavanaugh didn ’ t shake that gun control dad hand . sorry for kid wa killed by a gun but it ’ s not the future judge fault it happened ...... omg white people in city are silly
0	i think it wa found that le well educated conservative were more inclined to accept the government directive at face value
0	she 's sexy a hell and tough too
0	# va10 voter will not accept a congresswoman who stand with the nra a shooting after shooting devastates community across the country . we need common sense gun safety law and we need them now . url
0	i miss u
0	did you find out where senator collins is sleeping ? let u know so we can send some antifa goon to her house to straighten her out .
0	it 's probably better to have an next to my name than a pink pussy hat on my head # maga # makeamericagreatagain
0	did we hear from mccain from beyond a well ?
0	a rich snow here
1	hope the tiny anti american fraction of the usa can support those nfl contract .
0	because claim if sex assault and rape are only political weapon to them .
0	whats your story on gun control ?
0	i love your voice . how do you get it to sound so sexy and strong ? # barbiedreamsvideo
0	10 sign you are a sale zombie url # marketing # sale # retail # style # wednesdaywisdom url
1	bloodsport who can forget the monologue by jackson describing this big monster . and to think he is in his 60 's now
0	not by the tea leaf you use by simple logic . you know that thing that come from common sense . right no you do n't know . winning deplorables maga god bless you .
0	i 'd like to see some retribution going forward . it 's abuse to endanger your child and your pet .
0	fair enough . save your breath for cry for help , when reality will hit you , a it always doe to libertarian & amp ; conservative '' . ''
0	and the gun control people say what ? and the no gun zone '' people , where are you ? smh ''
1	guess he forgot to walk the liberal plank !
0	# levistrauss take stand on gun control # sanfrancisco # levistrauss & amp ; company # america # safertomorrowfund url url
0	the conservative are winning because of a turn coat liberal ? so you 're admitting con are failed libs ?
0	need to take action instead of turning a blind eye to what occurred . it wa shameful behaviour , tantamount to organised bullying . reprehensible '' just a word . if she ignores it . she is part of problem . ineffective leadership entrenches this rot in alp party culture ''
1	worst place i 've experienced that is the fucking movie
0	she is soooo pretty ! ! ! ! ! !
1	he is an egomaniac and doesn ’ t like to lose so he will spend money for free agency and his draft are better
1	never nigga
0	i completely agree ! we can uphold the second amendment and have common sense gun control . i ’ m a responsible gun owner . but no citizen need military grade weapon or high capacity magazine . to find the problem : follow the $ !
1	she is the size of a stadium
0	i guess antifa will get the same treatment when they decide to loot .
1	we conservative love him no matter how stupid it make u /him look ! yee haw ! url
1	he is such an arrogant creep ... belief he is god ’ s gift to politics
0	# dickdurbin is from illinois . # chicago ha the strictest gun control and is a gang and drug killing field .
1	that suck
0	dr. blasey ford kavanaugh # metoo . . # femfrauds # maga # maddow # morningjoe # wednesdaywisdom url
1	there are deal on mexico eu trade and other trade deal . we do n't need or want a gun control deal or a climate '' deal ''
0	5 of 5 star to you are a badass by jen sincero url
1	bitch i took four year too jdkdkdd
0	this is how we get tamir rice : let ’ s assume all child are armed and use maximum force because of a mere suspicion . a better idea would be common sense gun control and not assuming an 11 year old can win a knife or fist fight with a trained cop .
0	ahhh lurch go back to wind surfing .
0	my divorce . everyone say , we 're not picking a side . '' and then , they all totally do . trial of life are great indicator about the realness of people . it suck at first , but then the after is great . # everybodytalks ''
0	misdrawed . cause she is not white and blonde . why he did that ? can you answer that ?
0	not saying much to claim you are smarter than
0	another example of the “ when they go low we go high ” lying liberal . conservative are expert at enduring their escapade and voting the right person in anyway . this is so predictable now it ’ s like a dance .
0	they have to . now that she is the one who ha n't left family in terrible time .
0	thanks dbc ! love reading your book ! i ’ ve heard that # 51 is pretty epic too - looking forward to * finally * getting to read it soon ! ! !
0	are and all over this ? gun control utopia chicago need them right about now . # justdoit # usopen # serena # maga url
0	hogg is such a dolt ! in a mass shooting it 's rarely a long range shooting incident . it 's usually close range inside a building of area thats a gun free zone . like shooting fish in a barrel . sniper are rare in mass shooting event . d.c. and vega were exception .
1	ca ha inadequate gun control .
0	it 's sop for conservative defend every republican fully no matter the seriousness of the charge or evidence . demand every democrat resign no matter what .
1	go to hell ! this is not queen for a day . i believe you le and le with every bit of bullsh * t you pull . you 're nothing but a lying demonrat ! # maga # trump2020
0	that only report the conservative in a positive way
0	i love your spirit and taking a stand for our great country .. i wish these liberal go to a socialist country
0	so inspiring to see so many people playing !
0	agree liberal will not have a majority but you will see people 's party of canada in the running your little c party will be lower in the rank the the ndp .
1	good . he 's a mess
0	lovely intelligent girl who know what she is doing at such a young age
1	look at sweden , france , uk , europe is changing . europe will be a muslim continent by 2050. please watch the youtube video title muslim demographic `` , you will be scared to death , unless you are a muslim or love islam . mind u , i 'm an african in america . ''
1	you just said the same thing all the liberal say . president trump is not deporting immigrant . he 's trying to deport people who sneak into this country & amp ; not follow the rule to come in . if you come in that way you are a criminal . turn off cnn & amp ; try another point of view .
1	if brookee baldwin and erin burnett start showing cleavage to their booby cnn just might .
0	right . punish the gop because of two cucks . that 's the ticket to getting more conservative out there .
0	all it need is warm beer and i ’ d be back in college .
1	the transparency of their act furthers the myth that all woman are victim . some truly are but these crazed liberal wouldn ’ t know one if they saw one . in the end their hubris will hurt the real woman that really need help .
0	she wasnt abused she is lying
1	bullshit ! ! !
0	no disrespect oh pope but you need to step down ...
0	holder is unhinged ! ! brainwashed
0	you are running scared !
0	perhaps asking miss rao directly would be a start ? manner isaac .
0	i ’ m happy that you are feeling better !
0	you have a legit 30 % socialist bloc in maryland . that will win a crowded primary but overall most people don ’ t want to go that far left . a a baltimore resident that ’ s what liberal ( who is mostly everyone ) say .
1	bono is a fakir . always sticking his hand out for someone else ’ s buck . may it be his concert . tax evasion . lecturing america on africa . never ha he put his own money up .
1	she is a terrible person .
0	who are “ they ” gun control ha been tried and is a proven failure . this is why people don ’ t vote democrat . they refuse to admit reality . gun control doesn ’ t work .
0	he is leaning the wrong way
0	and she is obviously trying to be cardi ! she ’ s desperate url
1	ca n't fucking believe it .
1	president trump is keepinghis promise but this is the real reason he is hated . url
0	and apparently serena ’ s cheating and temper tantrum wa the only pathway to this endeavor .
1	zimmerman belongs in prison for killing travon martin . florida need to change it gun control law .
1	yeah she is a real blond just like uncle donnie
1	fuck you dope . not a fox watcher . independent voter that will never vote left . your party is dangerous .
1	pushed to my limit . url
1	trump ’ s lie have grown far more frequent—and more dangerous – mother jones url truth decay '' ... # maga . we 're doomed . ''
0	read that i just posted . he got too close to kavauagh and the body guard started into action to cover him . what wa his intention ? he 's a gun control nut grieving and blame trump and kavanaugh for his daughter death . his action make my skin crawl too .
0	ted cruz definitely took meme warfare lesson from # trump after the 2016 primary . impressive memeing lately . # maga # kag # txsen # keeptexasred # redwave url
0	@ my lrt im dydinv g she is beautiful
0	what 's your issue with antifa ?
0	no doubt progressive nazi antifa liberal democrat do .
0	look like selling her sole to the hater liberal is now weighing heavy on her . they are now wondering is upping the money transfer to her will work .
1	it so cool that the blind idiot god '' concept is already a real thing from a religion thousand of year old but peopl ehave to make it a fucking cthulhu reference for retard cred ''
0	# police are priority for funding ! our country is overrun with crime . degree of lawlessness in # unitedkingdom
1	not surprising . that i * n c * nnor nigga wa on the payroll
1	and i you ya sexy lady you
0	aww bradley you are so cute
1	odd how conservative keep getting exposed of being child fucker . thats why they 're against abortion . more victim
1	hahaha ... lunatic liberal are just too busy virtue signaling that they still do n't get it . url
0	crazy russian dude owns all your data
1	he 's a liar
0	he is also the one who started using cambridge analytica
1	the liberal sure are walking a very dangerous line .
1	took the word out of my mouth . he is just horrible .
0	the reason you haven ’ t heard from dr ford about whether she is available to testify on monday yet is because she is feverishly trying to find someone to corroborate her story with the help of the dnc and soros ’ deep pocket !
0	democrat will say he should n't be confirmed because of it . republican will say she is politically motivated and ha no evidence to prove her claim . and a week from now we 'll be right back where we were .
0	he is the poorly educated !
0	your article on clay travis politics in sport `` is the same old antifa-like rant ''
0	the choice is simple . if you vote gillum you are voting for socialism . if you vote for ron desantis you are voting for everything that make florida great . # voterondesantis2018 url
0	he should worry about himself . the fast and furious scandal etc ..
0	please stop being so nice to the lying obstructive liberals- get on with the vote please ! she is being used snd infantilized bh the dems- all a ruse url
0	god will take care of he is down but he wa never totally out
0	i 've done a thing on immigration , state ' right , and gun control '' but no one had input . lol to be fair , i should do it in a better setup than a twitter thread though . ''
0	i am in an interracial marriage you liberal throw that word around so easily you might want to look it up and see what it mean url
0	4 week until we go back to this awesome place . some awful behaviour from adult staring at her skin but she is a wee fighter . 11 month clear now and her confidence back . url
0	just had a discussion with a friend who work with family on the verge of eviction . she is expecting an increase in the coming month due to day out of work and money spent on hurricane supply . # thestruggleisreal
1	nigga you are tweeting in the shower ? ? ? ? i hope siri drown
0	yep .. say the same thing about everyone she hate & amp ; warned the antifa twin not to do that ..
0	and it 's not that the legal profession is somehow biased towards conservative ! the federalist society exists because conservative were not well-fostered in the profession !
1	she is maaaad annoying !
0	liberal ruin everything .
1	connection are vital with all of the crap twitter force on conservative .
0	right now is the most convenient time for a possible '' wrinkle to thrown at conservative . dems have whined and cried and stomp their foot and thrown tantrum until the rest of america that may have trusted them definitely dont now . theyre lying snake and they deserve nothing . ''
0	congratulation !
1	just another reason she is vile
0	... by marginalizing conservative politically ( not civically ) for a generation . relegated to minority status . idea thoroughly disproven and ignored .
1	because of obama and holder more cop are getting killed each year because they hated law enforcement and encouraged civil unrest .
0	she is almost 80 .
0	help help liberal ... sexual assault with fact ... where are you ?
1	now come the pain ............... # maga # wwg1wga url
0	mccabe and mr. mueller - unindicted co-conspirators in anti-trump coup - american thinker url # maga # pjnet # trumptrain # lockherup # comey # comygate # comeyshouldbeindicted url tw115
0	thank you she is a gentle soul xxx url
1	who ’ s the loser bitch ! lol you ! fuck you # maga url
1	i had no idea all republican were nazi racist till trump got elected . imagine my surprise . i 'm native american so i took it hard finding out i wa a racist . wa despondent went around punching out antifa to work through my depression .
1	disco pose with “ white dude overbite ” look . classic 70 dance move .
0	guilty until proven innocent ... right .. ?
0	what if the law is reasonable gun control ?
1	shit you right
0	i love you so much yoongi you are the reason that i could be happy all day .youre smile is the most beautiful think that i ever see in my hold life url
0	hollywood ’ s finest .
0	she is a cop .... “ gun control ” wouldn ’ t have mattered . geez
0	how about stating the fact that the rate of black people being murdered by black people is much higher than being murdered by white people . shine a light on that . save chicago .
0	try meditation and breathing technique !
0	why the world shouldn ’ t expect america to go back to ‘ normal ’ after trump '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	oink url
0	he is irrelevant
0	at least you know your president is not gay obama
0	when she 's wearing her hero 'costume ' she /is/ completely invisible so .... yes ? '' url
0	she 's right , she 's not one of , '' she is `` the one and only . '' ''
1	this is insulting . i 'm black and fully capable of getting id . what make you think that we ca n't ? let be honest . this is about liberal ( mostly white 1 ) that want to appear a savior and vanguard for minority . it about protecting your fraudulent vote .
0	but she is hecking cute fluffer
0	just another tool in my toolbox . it 's an inanimate object unless i animate it . it 's not gun control we need it 's mental health control ! url
0	the maga 11 's url
1	he is that stupid !
0	hahah can you ask her do the same with other book bible or quran ? ? ? then you will see .. may be she is part of urban naxal
1	i agree ! i guess dems are saying that they ’ re worried about some october surprise where the fisa doc are released leading up to the election.maga !
1	you 're literally white nationalist radical and enemy of the state . you 're lucky you 're not being hunted down by federal agent like the terrorist you are ... but the citizenry will act in the state 's place soon enough . acta non verba . # theresistance # resisttrump # antifa url
0	im not saying he is racist .. im saying he made a mistake . and she is only half japanese . her father is haitian so she is half / half if we being true !
0	it wa enough to slow her to a stop , she yelped loudly . .... ? ! '' there is fear in her eye , and thirium leaking from the gunshot wound , but she is going nowhere . `` i have .. no desire to die . '' ''
0	# workjams because she is # everything # buyit url
1	i have heard he is making wave
0	is n't this bodyshaming '' ? good to see the feminist and liberal have no issue with bodyshaming , a long a it 's directed towards a man . ''
0	i don ’ t understand why she should be heard . i should be heard and i have picture and scar from my trauma # illegalalien left his car in the middle of # 405 fwy in 1982 - when i wa 18 ! we were badly damaged ! # kavanaugh # maga url
1	... unless you are good with an accused rapist sitting on the highest bench in the land . i 'm sure your female constituent would love to hear you explain that away ...
0	aaaahh~ * scribe us run away because she is tiny and mantis a cool but scary *
1	so baby are n't future men ? i suppose ripping their limb off and sucking their dead body out and putting them in the trash . that 's sorta thing ?
1	another falsehood . i don ’ t think anyone want to abolish the 2nd amendment . a growing majority want sensible gun control in the form of better background check and the banning of assault rifle . trump will say and do anything to rile his base . more snake oil .
1	i support your fight for justice and to hold those responsible accountable . the hypocrisy is beyond any moral standard . where ’ s the outrage . yet they hide behind the vail of gun control and leftist propaganda beginning with shame on them .
1	his policy were the worst
0	woman 's car towed away after she claimed to have explosive authority in prince george 's county investigated a threat wednesday am at joint base andrew . report indicate a woman said she had explosive and that she refused to leave . url # maga url
0	i am sure she is his “ good friend ” if he talk like an antisemite walk like an antisemite and act like an antisemite then he is .... surprise ! not really surprised
0	james hum in approval and pull back . allowing her to help him out of his shirt . letting it fall to the floor a his hand is brushing along her skin . “ you are beautiful baby .. such an angel . ”
0	there is no way you can defend he is the worst for auburn . time to part way
0	i hope they will let cem in america for now until # zeyal get back together . so when he get back alihan can proudly show off she is off limit # yasakelma
0	i ca n't he is already 26
0	didn ’ t the president already make an offer that wa refused ?
0	it only hang in the balance because of liberal and news agency that used the airwave to push their politics ..... like cnn .
0	right ! ? good grief ... he is just perfect
0	that didn ’ t do it ! tougher sentencing law and more focused crime enforcement did ! we all know tougher gun control law do not work .
0	gun control at it finest ! 2a is the greatest ! ! she wa # maga
0	knew it wa a lie can see you laughing to yourself a you wa writing it ... you are way too engrossed in thames yourself that you will be playing it right up until # fm19 beta come out : ' )
0	lmao i really didn ’ t know him before that at all
1	you are trippin . stop jumping to conclusion .
0	the unafraid and unscathed bringing hope and change all around the world ! # maga # nokosoko north korea 's kim jong-un agrees to shut missile site - bbc news url
0	republican will never admit there is a # deepstate because they are part of the # deepstate ! who really run dc ? federal employee & amp ; appointee most of which are liberals/leftists . politician come & amp ; go ... they are there for life ! url # maga # rnc # gop # foxnews
0	burt wa awesome .
0	lmao . conservative lecturing about conspiracy theory . that is funny .
0	that food you made wa so mf good . thank you ! ! lol
0	the beauty of this . just like the dems inventing the nuclear option the next time a liberal is up for consideration for scotus we conservative will know what to do .
0	she just knew she wa having a girl ! ! she is excited now ! !
1	i hate him im so fucking sorry
0	anyone else getting a different idea of how these attack are connected ?
1	bullshit . i live in nh . my daughter go to school in cali . she is considered a non-resident . this is clearly a move to fraud the citizen of nh
0	congress tried secret shah bano strategy for # tripletalaq . then they openly took a position to appease muslim conservative for vote . trying to confuse now about their position on it again for vote . ppl of india are smarter now to know their real reason !
1	* pat tear * gosh ..... dammit * sniff * * sigh * my baby- * sniff * she just doe n't deserve this . she is so precious and i- url
1	for all i know you 're naming off sex robot model
1	do n't these pig have a job ? do n't these slob have a life ? where is there outrage against bill clinton keith ellison harvey weinstein these protester are hypocrite ! # maga url
1	whats wrong with dead # antifa ? i do n't understand i thought the only good antifa wa ....
1	beto the clown who support the kneeling nfl thug
1	oh cool . alana found the one person dumber than she is and retweeted him . nice move .
1	rahm emanuel ’ s failure is an ill omen for all democrat '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	bring it ! i look fwd to the must-see tv drama where one of the most knowledgeable legal mind in the country ( and scotus nominee ) will cross examine a lady re : event from 35 yr ago that ha already shown that she ca n't remember location/time/people involved . # maga
1	i cackle at something different shit every time i watch it lol
0	republican are underestimating the fever of the liberal to get rid of trump .
0	wife bet on penn state ! he is upset !
0	maybe he is not a mariota fan
0	a new bill aim to send masked antifa activist to jail for 15 year url
1	he is starting to tweet nonsense like mango mussolini
0	professor at liberal college by day & amp ; antifa by night .
0	voting against the progressive agenda . that mean gop control of the senate a a must . hopefully the house . and conservative at the local level to keep progressive agenda out of the public school .
0	# maga baby ! !
0	he is such a good dude ! where do you work ?
0	but ... but ... i wa trying to get him to block me . the trans porn story wa the perfect ammunition ... but now it will never happen ! url
0	throw antifa in there too !
0	he let her ramble on for a bit , smiling and admitting to himself that this is why he like having kate around . she is definitely a younger version of himself . pretty sure they done did the do . '' ''
1	you are 20x the trader i am lol i ’ m screwed but i have a tight stop . i ’ ll let it ride !
0	we 've had a good conversation . many will condemnation me for my part from both side . it doe not matter . this is what gun control is about . discussion .
1	sareena wa wrong to behave like this . that is not racist just truth . i do not want my child watching this behavior .
1	rosier ha played like straight fucking garbage i mean he wa tolerable at most during the undefeated run last year but ever since pitt he ’ s shown how much of a scrub he is and richt is scared to death to start perry
1	your fucking bf nigga
0	the tourist on holiday with his parent place a sticker on a pole in turkey while his parent ate a restaurant and you call that support
0	he lived in a country with no gun control . sad but true
1	too bad antifa crash gop townhalls .
0	this is why i don ’ t like liberal they don ’ t have a civil conversation or come with evidence just feeling and out of context quote .
1	just plain stupid she think she ’ s being clever but come the next ge the public will make the tory pay by casting them into the political dustbin for yr to come see how smug she is then
0	16 shot—3 killed—friday in chicago 's strictest gun control city shooting url chicago´s weekend death and injury count .
0	my bias park jimin he is perfect man # jimin # bts # main dancer and read vocal heart you url
1	believe the woman . what person would volunteer for the shit show she is about to experience if it weren ’ t true . i stand in solidarity with christine blasey ford .
0	. detailed # manifesto for # lovelondon mayoral selection ... # imbackingboff url
1	actually he is a soy boy .
0	now do black life matter . and antifa .
0	better have a good lawyer # youhavebeenexposed # thegreatawakening # draintheswamp # youaregoingtojail # maga # qanon url
0	we ? so you are going to help like you did at the 911 site ? picture pleaz .
0	pressure from other liberal may make him change his mind . their goal is the end result . they don ’ t care what it take to get there .
0	gas bro
0	and still i give it the old college try ! # walkaway # communismkills # luciferiarising # maga # trump2020 url
1	nigga keep tryna play both side lol
0	screw you and your team . american who scraficed are the reason you have a team ! ! ! leave our president alone ! ! ! !
0	talk to her . get to know who she is
1	these liberal have no problem lying .
1	me bitch i will
0	# luddite eh should embrace tech # gigeconomy # thursdaythoughts url
0	they are n't ....
0	the fake and bake twin !
1	.. this woman ha nothing but play tennis and yet she is constantly being disrespectful it ’ s insane . the whole all owes her an apology atp url
0	i thought the whole world knew liberal would never answer factual question . if they adhered to truth they ’ d never will another election .
0	fear about losing your monopoly status is the correct answer .
1	they are hoping all over it . but then they are probably the biggest crowd of racist bigot in the country they back antifa
1	blame trump ? ? ? u bunch of idiot . blame the corruption over in pr
0	and his son the antifa masked hater is normal ?
0	... and the rino speaks ... again sassy ha been one of the most frequent and vocal critic of trump policy – calling out trump for his handling of issue ranging from gun control to tariff think about quitting ~ do n't the doorhit you url # foxnews
1	you think it 's just antifa who stand up against fascist ? all decent people will . look through history . the flabby bigot will run with their tail between their leg like that always do .
0	she is thick though ? wtf
1	it ’ s going to suck with any rating . venom without the spiderman origin isn ’ t really venom . this is just a sony cash grab .
1	your looking more like a plant # maga # walkaway url
0	it ’ s ridiculous . all the sock puppet account apparently have marching order to start a boycott of the film . a lot of maga snowflake . thankfully most of them are on our list of known sock puppet so blocking the rest wasn ’ t hard .
0	do n't listen to him . he is a disgrace & amp ; just trying to score point with the msm . juan williams ha been very disappointing to listen to because i have liked his opinion on thing .
1	# stcshooting to the kneejerk people cry for gun control '' after this shooting . we already have very restrictive gun control . you just want a ban . it 's a pity no one ha politely explained to these criminal that they are supposed to obey the law . ''
0	2 ) the irs attacked conservative . the fbi rose up against a presidential candidate . suspicious death occurred . the police were branded social enemy . daca gave rise to illegal immigrant a voter puppet . the military wa weakened . iran wa funded for nuclear capability .
0	keep it going . patriot friend . just do n't spam do n't spam . send this to all your follower . url
0	saudi dispute with canada may lose business
0	i don ’ t give a damn about a “ tough ” niggah
0	hate to break it to mr billionaire nfl owner but he ’ s wrong . the optic of this protest are terrible for the nfl and jeopardizes their long-term viability .
0	oh i love this so much and had no idea your daughter and family had been through the struggle of childhood leukemia . so happy to hear she is a healthy strong college athlete ! much love to you and yours ...
0	nope that would be you
0	call these outsider out . most of these comment and like come from liberal in other state trying to swing election in wisconsin . shine the light on who and what they are . scott walker ha been a target of theirs since his first governor election . we got this ! let ’ s do it !
0	this is a common message from liberal and democrat . remember nancy pelosi we have to approve the health care package -obama care and then we ’ ll see what ’ s in it afterwards
1	then maybe we can talk about the double standard between liberal and conservative at somebody is always a victim .
0	people become racist because of all this racism-bullshit !
0	and there 's # brexit url
0	this is an interesting topic and i 'll try to give my best opinion on this topic : first , what doe master '' dota2 or chess mean ; if we assume that to master either one of them implies that you are undisputable the best human player in the world at the game in our current time 1/5 ''
0	don ’ t forget antifa & amp ; southern poverty smear center .
1	the hollywood elite make fun of republican , conservative , christian , jesus , & amp ; ex-crackheads . that 's very funny , considering they consist of democrat , liberal , atheist , satanist , and current '' crackheads . and do n't forget , the adulterer , pedophile , and abuser of woman . ''
0	# nazi . we told you . join # antifa !
0	lol ! don ’ t hold your breath while you are waiting - because it ’ s going to be about 6 more year of president trump . url
0	good list . keep it going
1	bro i randomly tried this dns shit and it worked first time wtf
1	they probably all wrote it together while pissing in your mcdonalds coffee .
1	yeah and .... what ’ s the point of this article ? trying to demonize him for meeting with lawyer ? he ha a right to defend his character . he also ha the right to file a defamation of character case against this woman and sen. feinstein . democrats/liberals are pathetic . # ridiculous
1	this lie how she got the key ! why she don ’ t admit she wa in date or maybe had nsa with ? she is married ? what is true story ! b ! ok we all respct police officer but her story and excuse full of shit ! please post her photo ! let see how fat she is !
0	will conservative ever stop catering to fringe group and address issue the majority of canadian have to deal with . every white hunter could vote conservative twice and you ’ d still loose ! we need a real option to the liberal .
0	pumped you are back playing . go win you a ring . favorite player- bp # 4-reds . go red sox # 0
1	and - on reflection - i is a sycophantic twat but that doe not mean he is wrong
1	yyyy fuck no bitch we decided we both wa gone steepppp
0	funny how liberal love my president
0	make you realize how good he is with word . too bad the pc crowd keep him toned down .
0	you mean antifa ?
0	i hope you didn ’ t just invite antifa . good luck & amp ; be safe .
0	her right of threatening to destroy the life and career of some teen through her connection '' when they made a meme on her . in india too , only leftist , liberal and islamist have foe . rest all is hate speech . ''
0	that ’ s funny i don ’ t care who you are
0	see . even liberal are in agreement !
0	# yemen try gun control url # theeconomist
0	# danish party that want to deport # muslim that are on # welfare growing fast . why oh why # conservative in the # uk do n't focus on this i 'll never know . # mbga url
0	she is a leftist activist . biased to stop judge cavanaugh . do i need to draw you a picture ? ?
1	please watch the story of welles crowther . he is a hero . you are simply an asshole . be ashamed
0	i believe he is winded ! some night you just do n't have it i guess
1	it now make sense how gun control is barely an issue v immigration .
0	elmo is antifa
1	loved to hate mr in bobby brown show . that guy really screwed those kid back in the day . please let him go through all hws drama . he is my favorite & amp ; then jerry . maybe they should have a show andy ?
1	she should ask a few native american what their take on this is .
0	you are very beautifull
0	# standup4brexit the result at the ballot box were very clear ... the prime minister is not listening to the electorate or getting the best deal for britain url
0	sitting here tonight thinking and it ’ s made me well wan na go back to maga next year
0	ton of self-professed conservative have unwittingly embraced the key tenet of feminism without even realizing it . the average conservative '' woman of 2018 is more liberal than the average liberal woman of 60 year ago . ''
0	holder 's day is coming . soon .....
0	it ’ s true and she is so valid
1	another lie . anything for a diversion
0	for all those conservative that were so troubled to explain thing about cigar 's ... how outraged are they about our current president ?
1	steroid and pill mixed in with their alcohol that is a little bit of a big nightmare or bad dream right there ... anti-suicide law and gun control license for each gun please walk into a cop station url
0	and they say big tech isn ’ t biased ! give me a break ! wake up people !
1	and you need to find this lady ! do your thing . she is a terrorist waiting to strike . url
0	# investigatechtistineford why is ford deleted her social medium account ? why is she all of a suddenly want to delay testimony ? is ford an antifa activist ?
0	you are not fooling anyone with what you say . if it wa the snp doing this you would be screaming blue murder . mind you until you do the job you are meant to do . you and your fellow worker will be looked on a being part of the establishment . bought and sold .
0	breaking news . listen live at 1pm ct at url # maga url
1	# liberal had some sort of mutual masturbation award show . this is me still not caring . url
0	one imago you are being sarcastic . one worry that you are not .
0	false . they have not released the name of the 13 russian yet
1	liberal will melt
0	thanks for proving democrat can ’ t let their people think . proving again liberal are all talk . just like senator feinstein pelosi . they always go to no fact just destroy . just like the politician of puerto rico have destroyed and rob the state of all of it financial resource
0	it 's now abundantly clear that a lack of common sense gun control measure '' wa n't the real reason behind this , but rather an incompetent school board and a failure to act upon report - poor staff security training too . ''
1	breitbart must be hacked ! your headline say it all .
1	what insanely ridiculous bullshit .
1	say the bitch as boy hiding behind a keyboard it don ’ t hurt to ask for help sometimes can ’ t do everything alone you fucking clown if he can help then something is better than nothing that ’ s why i asked even if he can ’ t it don ’ t hurt to ask fuck off my twitter weak as nigga
0	and now tyler is going out of his way to assure haleigh she is staying this week where is this “ immaculate ” game play you claim ? pathetic jury management more like . url
0	active shooter middleton wi multiple police agency respond # maga # trumptrain # keepamericagreat2020
1	he is embarrassing and just a low a human a possible to diminish the loss of life of the elderly .
0	that 's exactly what he is ....
0	that 's like arguing that soldier who fought nazi in wwii were violently forcing their idea onto others '' when they shot nazi . no , they were n't trying to change their mind with bullet , they were trying to stop them from forcing fascism on the world . same with antifa . ''
1	you are becoming the court jester of the senate
1	ezra is a cockroach who need to have light shone on .
1	# hollywood is filled with # satanist and # pedo 's you have the nerve to mock # jesus and # conservative . see you lowlife on the unemployment line ! ! ! ! ! url
0	looking at her lawyer i bet she is really into it '' already ! ''
0	this is why she is a former '' diplomat . ''
1	i know sex sale and we all know ridge wa going to choose his daughter jmo i wanted hope to get it
0	an anonymous message to # antifa # q # qanon # thegreatawakening # commieclowns # resistancerises # resistance url
0	not a classical music fan ?
0	leftist californian antifa professor never lie about republican . snark ! ! !
0	also there to help bank boost their balance sheet post crash . i 'd imagine atleast 15 % ( maybe more ) of current house price are part of the bank bailout package .
0	there 's only one king
1	cause who bitch be playing with god aint give me the gift for nothing
0	i also understand that it is not an insult but the way nguni language are spoken , it ca n't be msuthu '' but ha to be `` umsuthu '' which in english will loosely translate to `` s ( he ) is mosotho '' and in sesotho will be `` ke mosotho '' , ca n't be `` muntu '' but `` umuntu '' ''
0	can you say desperate ? ! ? ! ? !
0	this is rich coming from the spokesperson of an organization that block every commonsense gun control bill . every one
0	saddest thing i 've read today is conservative claiming kavanaugh 's presumed innocent . wrong . this is a confirmation hearing where he ha to prove he ha the character to sit on the highest court for life . this is n't a criminal trial . - tim koontz
1	-you would never guess that this employee play covet ( a fashion game ) on her ipad in her free time . -she ha a strange phobia of dog . -she is amazingly weird ! she can jump over her foot while it is in ... url
0	charge ! ! ! ! people know how good you are at makeup by picture ! you can ’ t keep doing that you ’ ll be skint !
1	i like that after dating for 8 month you finally understand it when i cringe at the word cock lol
0	an excuse for conservative to do nothing .
1	in a country where people openly abuse ram ... krishna ... tearing geeta is no bravery .... real bravery would have been if she had done this with book belonging to other religion ..... but then she is a big a coward a you are .
0	yeah sorry girl but he is right if you actually look up the history . they were created in la to fight back against violence by bloods/crypts
0	why doe it matter if a candidate is a woman or a man ? i thought we were all the same ? everything the liberal believe in contradicts their other belief
0	he ’ s so yesterday
1	this russian agent is a disgrace . hey old creep you are going to die in prison . you and trump sold america to the russian and it ’ s time you do the time for your year of crime . scumbag .
0	i thought this wa more antifa training at first ...
1	just look at the as and keep it moving
0	trump ’ s new position on gun control is starting to look a lot like the nra ’ s url via
0	.. newer info from this week . this is obvious to you right ? if kaz said in june the ipo is a go for nov but in sept they say it is no hold for filing issue then that is simply a change out of our control ... right ? i am not sure what you are after but it is enjoyable listening .
1	i always found liberal and progressive to be the spartan one . all the socialist i knew wanted to live a well a they could afford
0	not all of u conservative are that gullible . manny ha some good point now and then ... but when he start spewing u propaganda .. it sickens me . he asked for the term and i gave one ... he 'll have no rebuttal . you watch .
1	yes , thats why you need to bring in gun control . even better . you shoot yourself in the foot real well . im going to harass a school shooting survivor '' as . ''
0	why would dpd ride with this chic . i know code of blue . she is more trouble than good .
1	i like that they are n't mincing around with her . i do not understand why she is denying doing porn .
0	she 's an absolute queen . thank you for being the strong and emotionally passionate woman you are !
1	where were you in 2008 when people were losing their job & amp ; their home & amp ; our economy tanked ? what did you say about w then ? did you ridicule him & amp ; did you praise obama for saving our country ? you are such a hypocrite .
0	i nigga fall asleep on soft after this
1	haha true . back to your original point ... if we all just fucking drive everything would be fine !
0	at this point it ’ s like saying it ’ s “ too soon to talk about gun control ” after a school shooting . there isn ’ t any “ too soon ” anymore with gun control or climate change at the rate that thing are effecting u .
1	he wa a drunk driver that wrecked and injured a person then fled the scene of the crime ! hit and run .. should fit right in with leftist socialist antifa democrat !
0	she is your sister ? ? ? ?
1	you are disgusting and need to be ousted . get out of politics because schumer you are the corrupt kind of politician american are so tired of . ha led this country to thrive again and brett kavanaugh will be voted in . american stand with
1	shitting yourself more like .
0	he is speaking against himself .
0	we need gun control law to be safer and changed in florida . this is why i am voting for the democrat to help make our environment and health care better for u all ! please get out and vote !
0	if everyone of them own gun would they feel the same way about gun control ?
0	hmm cat and dog are not raised a food . but i understand what you are saying .
1	what are these new idea ? speech law gun control killing baby and thinking your entitled to free healthcare and rich ppls money just bc you exis ?
0	one of a kind she is
0	you are so funny
1	so i 'm not sure she is a woman for one mostly men throw out insult like that to each other or mean ugly feminist cat woman with penis envy
1	the democrat do not care ... they are out to destroy .. doe not matter just so they are republican & amp ; conservative ⁉
1	american terrorist . we need strict punishment for these lawless thug . stop powdering antifa ’ s as . # backtheblue # gettough
1	i hope it wa . fucken dinosaur thought he steinbrenner
1	myyy nigga
0	this is nothing more than an opportunity for the liberal to crate more false headline while cherry picking statement and distorting their meaning . this is just a stall tactic and a deflection from reality .
0	democrat want more gun control . i say go to the range and practice , .. you will get better. `` # nra # maga url
0	a mood . url
0	there is a worse gang then m 13 and thier based out of dc ... what ha he done about people assulting trump supporter ? antifa surley ha broken people civil right ... he gone trump can and will fire him .. mater if time .
1	she became a alcoholic cealrly became a fatty ha had like a year to loose the weight she is the only starlet in hollywood that doesnt look good with a lilextra weight gon na go for a walk now and one of tay gps stalking sheldmaidens might have order to mac miller # tommyvalhalla
1	destroy america is more the 24/7 chant from all democrat including hillary .
1	you are just another liberal pawn used by the democrat in an attempt to derail kavanaugh ’ s confirmation . i don ’ t believe a word of it . you and your liberal friend are an enemy of the state . just leave america . we will be better off without people like you . liberal
0	attention . is publicizing an antifa target list of trump supporter . some name are high profile and many are random trump supporter . please report him to twitter ! they have not suspended his account . chick the list for your name under list '' . ''
0	a one canadian .... i would prefer he move somewhere else . too many liberal up here already
0	those that do not respect the constitution need to be driven out of office . # votedemsout # votered2018 # therainmakers # qanon # maga # wwg1wga url
1	i care that he wa murdered . i do n't care whether he had some weed in his home ( like a whole lot of american do ) any more than i 'd care if you said he had 100 pair of sock . he is the victim . you are trying to smear the victim . you are despicable .
0	and is completely unconstitutional . if the state deems you are not a criminal and therefor have not relinquished your right to bear arm , they have no right to regulate who is competent '' or `` skilled '' enough to own one . once again , it is not the same a driving a car . ''
0	i love your momma . she is me
0	following all patriot . please follow back . thank you . # maga # kag # walkaway # witchhunt # redwaverising # votered # votedemsout # voteredtosaveamerica
1	fuck my bad leslie i def added you tho ! lmao im give it to ypu now
0	true . but are all school shooting and accident with toddler done by bad criminal who would know how to get a gun ? highly doubt it . these are spontaneous acts/accidents that would be dramatically reduced by gun control .
0	his frustration began to subside a he felt her hand upon his . the tone within her voice wa some what soothing to him . it 's been sometime having someone be there when in need the most . and that in itself is why no one is more important to me then you '' she is the center piece + ) ''
1	fuck you i ’ ll put hot sauce on a slice of pizza again for you
0	and he said in america . head up antifa . ur neck is about to be stepped on .
1	c ’ mon brah ! go finish your mother fucking apple cider beer and shut the fuck up ! ! ! adult are trying to have some fun on twitter ... url
0	// it is wrong to let # metoo hysteria override ‘ innocent until proven guilty ’ - but liberal are trying .
1	don ’ t talk shit about 48 law
0	# muslim and # islam finally got their # whitesupremacist # terrorist they have wanted for so long they can harp on about and say were worse than them .. two 15 year old boy from # ramsgate ! jesus # maga # mega # mcga # mbga # conservative # patriot url
0	he isnt aware of anything ; he is just that handsome~
0	2 cor 5:17 “ therefore if anyone is in christ [ consciousness ] he is a new creation . old thing have passed away and look ! new thing have come . ”
0	oh yes ! gaddafi wa a real saint . at least in trump world he is . ya know there is probably a viable argument for that now that i think about it .
1	woooow trump voter are getting really crazy maga !
0	the brandon lewis express url
0	god i hope shes ' wrong !
0	i stand with you maga
0	he heightens the belief in slimfast .. url
1	what thw fuck
1	she is . ur screwed . trump owns scotus and he will exact a wrath upon enemy after the midterm
0	thank you ! !
0	boi i ’ m trynna feast on that booty ... i mean those noodle
1	that ’ s how immature she is not to mention no class at all o ! ! not even a dime
0	the klan wa the militant arm of the democrat party . i haven ’ t seen a past member in public since sen byrd died . antifa is the new militant arm .
0	i hope this turn out to be everything the liberal want and then some . i can handle the truth no matter which way it lead i hope they can do the same .
0	are you also going to address the allegation that keith ellison allegedly like to beat his girlfriend ? this is in addition to the fact that he support violent antifa scumbags and hang with anti-semite louis farrakhan .
0	get used to it ...... thats what he say .
1	ask the liberal who have seemingly forgotten that you 're a war criminal .
1	ha this guy got acorn in his cheek or what . lack of walking around sense is astonishing with liberal .
0	and i am just over the # justdoit # nike
0	a massive tool
0	he is gon na be op asf for the first few week url
0	same paint ball range they used for the antifa v proudboy '' match last year ''
1	this is not possible . california ha implemented strict gun control . only law enforcement and those fortunate enough to get a permit can carry in public . “ assault weapon ” are banned .
0	it would be better to call themfaux liberals/fox liberal '' b/c the word `` liberal '' is not bad ( moral philosophy ) & amp ; i do n't want the word to be tainted by people who do n't know the actual definition . look at the word `` feminism '' , society changed it meaning into something negative . ''
0	i love my wife hannah
0	your ‘ political analysis ’ have been blinded by your obvious bias . otherwise you couldn ’ t have come up with such wrong conclusion . turnbull wa the biggest threat to the liberal existence . removal also proved that there never wa such thing a ‘ turnbull ’ s popularity ’ .
1	because im a broke as bitxh : ( ( ( ( and lol eveb better she run in her sleep so like while she ’ s lying down she just run like foot going usain bolt xd and i get kicked a lot
0	lol he think his ex girlfriend wa an antifa infiltrator ?
0	is this reputation ’ s next single ? ?
0	# gun # 2a a second amendment zone '' is ridiculous . so are concealed carry law – daily utah chronicle : the latest installment of the nation ’ s endless debate on gun control recently surfaced on the university of utah campus . a g url url
0	very very proud of flotus
0	it all add up she wa bought
0	he shall know your way a if born to them .
0	great she need to be gone she is a low life
0	# ibelievechristine and stand behind her bravery , which make her a target of cruel and hideous conservative '' who will do anything to get # kavanaugh on the sc . # womenarewatching this ai n't 1991 , fella ! # votethemout url
1	did you see what she said about travis on ellen ? ? that ’ s one hating as bitch
0	if you 're talking about kavanaugh there is only an uncorroborated accusation but even then the conservative i have seen have n't dismissed it .
0	did he mock a liberal mp crossing the floor to join the conservative because it is evidence that they are basically the same party ?
0	you are right free speech is one thing that make this country great . another is the very flag that is a symbol that give u that right .
0	relatable url
0	well you are wrong . avenatti may not like trump a most people don ’ t . but he ha made thing better for his client and that what he is paid for .
0	omg ! ! ! she is perfect ! ! ! ! !
1	no better or worse than your darling brat antifa bashing people ’ s head in . love to see the mug shot . they look like meth head .
0	do we dare say he is ... better than nyjer ?
0	. made this show successful and relevant . i remember saying that he brought the show to the state with in mind because she is the epitome of “ the voice. ” none of their shade will delete that . url
0	no school shooting in new zealand ever . suggest you do some research around country that have unarmed police force . their child and citizen are kept safe by strong gun control law that are strictly enforced .
0	more people scared of what the liberal will think and say about them . this is rampant around conservative . the only one who ever stopped giving them that power were the trump movement and they absolutely won everything including the internet .
0	# mueller # doj # fbi # cia # lawenforcement # policestate proof all law enforcement are paramilitary goon for the communist leftwing # dnc & amp ; will do anything to solidify their grip on power . conservative should seriously question their support of police . url
0	a liberal anarchist coup d'etat gang run rampant & amp ; a gop ag doe nothing . liberal prove to be the biggest hate group in usa . the leftstream medium cheer them on while excoriating duly elected president of the united state 24/7 . antifa openly advocate killing cop . silence
0	absolutely not . should stop # thedreamact immediately . # buildthatwall # enddaca
0	yes . including the staff and the bureaucracy .
1	gail ha dropped far if she is going after actor like rob to deal with the frustration of being a has-been ...
1	gon na boo his as regardless now
0	did i ?
0	obama wanted liberal & amp ; illegals to move into red state
0	i think judge kavanaugh will be voted through next week after monday hearing unfortunately for him his reputation ha tarnished by these vicious lie maga wwgiwga url
0	he need shielding from his nana too .
0	10 : kevin williamson 's excellent piece on why even if there is a bias against conservative at social medium giant it still should n't be the government business url
0	ppl who say i 'm not racist '' are racist . you are a racist . repeat after me ''
0	or we could have gun control
0	democrat support domestic terror group # antifa url
1	he is truly dumb a shit .
0	no equip an in air accuracy mod and you are all set ! ! let ’ s the clip fly ! !
1	u a bad bitch now lol
0	brexit ha split the conservative and labour remains devided and leaderless on the subject . the tuc is split across union and uk is in danger of fragmenting . surely the only way to unite u is to vote on the final exit deal/wto v remain . meanwhile listen to all option evenly .
1	holder should be removed with a set of tongs and some disinfectant .
0	# uofgh justice study assistant program head dr. glenn hanna recently took part in a series of interview with cbc radio regarding gun control and what a potential ban on handgun and assault rifle could mean for canada . listen to the interview here : url url
1	thats the problem . he is not a slick talking politician
0	i follow all these maga patriot got a few new one url
0	call is normal thing tho co you even call your friend she should sub for herself she is not yet your responsibility to start buying data outing ? dunnogo for lowcut girl them full my hometown
0	oh and thanks for rting my post ! # maga # kag2018 yes we 're gon na !
1	yeah we need some more made up bullshit protestors and antifa lol time for an epic beatdown
0	maybe it 's because you are special
0	and tell u the context ... how much ha overall network tv viewership gone down during the same period ? oh about the same ? snooze ...
0	i thought it wa funny . he is a great player though .
0	that ’ s right ... he lie all day long and he is still terrible at it ... anyone else would have mastered it by now ... he ’ s definitely got 10000hr
0	last night my 6 year old daughter audrey broke both of the bone in her lower leg . you are her biggest hero ! she talk about meeting y ’ all in phoenix all the time . any chance she could get a “ get well shoutout ”
0	what bother me is how conservative in unison attack woman who seek justice .
1	and there 's more murder gun death in state with strictest gun control . so how ignorant doe that fact make you
0	you should take this picture down you destroyed one of my all time favorite comedian/actors
0	need help packing ?
1	this comment only show that having refused to engage with fact you do the fascist antifa approach which is to use personal attack to try to bully your way into some mythical win . research projection and stop doing it u look stupid now !
0	please tell the type of suede you are using for these pant to be $ 474.00 . must be shipped straight from russa # gapbelike url
0	can ’ t argue there .
0	they help him all along and now that he is better and ok and sober they cut him ? ?
1	those liberal are kinky people
0	what is happening layne ? you are losing your temper . is it because you feel you are trailing behind now ?
0	yeah she love pointing out '' people for her rabid anti-nazi antifa-loving faction of supporter to , i do n't know , give stern look to ? let 's be real , she either want her minion to disrupt her `` enemy '' by heckling or making a scene or worse . ''
1	she is an alt-left crazy and wa discredited by numerous woman . all you dems have left is lie . her name is dr. liar .
1	and u know what u trash too for being more worried about blaming and shitting on ariana for a death she ’ s not responsible instead of mac .
0	i believe he is formerly law enforcement before a career change .
1	hahahahaha-sure-she ’ s just a spoiled brat-and go berserk when she ’ s beaten-
0	give norm his own show ! he ’ s funny
1	oh shit this will trigger some bigot
0	tear of joy ?
1	is it gun control or anti 2a ? i haven ’ t seen a single ad attacking 2a . that ’ s just rhetoric to create fear .
0	# antifa ha no place in anonymous . no censorship . url
1	conservative only care about democracy when it 's their opinion and so called racist right are in jeopardy . anyone else they do n't give a shit about . it 's sad .
1	uhhh no . sadam gassed the shit out of the kurd ( sp ? )
1	fascist left are everywhere . we must crush them ; boycott work folk .
1	fuck you ... if she dare then why did n't she choose any other granth .. haha .. m sure she is looking for some publicity .. bible or kuran . whatever her intention wa but she done a drama . may be she want to start any business that requires public intention .
0	the only thing this is going to do is make the # metoo movement even more of a joke than it already ha become . i do n't think anyone is falling for this b except for maybe antifa .
1	such delusional liberal .. ! so twisted with hate you ca n't even acknowledge the u.s . airforce .. ! !
0	no she ha n't . what reform '' ? she is getting trump to free particular famous people , in exchange for attention . the policy are worse now . ''
0	hell ya
0	16 ) however , his view i do not agree with . -he doe not believe in climate change . -he opposite a woman 's right to have an abortion . -he think gender issue are black & amp ; white -- - ( me man , you woman . '' - & lt ; imagine in a tarzan voice & gt ; ) -- - -gun control doe n't exist to him . ''
0	trump : i 'm giving power back to the people '' liberal : `` authoritarian ! '' trump : `` i 'm giving power back to the state '' liberal : `` authoritarian ! '' dems : `` we want to control every aspect of your life '' liberal : `` that 's exactly what we need ! '' ''
0	. rubberstamp call for 'conservatives ' ( # republican who have left her sycophant party coup ) 'to keep the house ' . laughable . we do n't want nancy pelosi a speaker , '' regurgitates # fbr # resistance - url via
0	you guy ( conservative ) are too nice . they would destroy you .
1	the educational system is controlled by liberal and work to enslave the mind of our child . the chain of mental enslavement must be removed in order to save the future of our great nation
1	fake news he is a liberal dem .
1	got ta love when the uninformed point to venezuela a though it 's the inevitable result of socialism ! socialism ? venezuela ! '' gun control ? `` chicago ! '' it 's like watching a round of shitty jeopardy , where no one know a damn thing but they try to compete anyway . logic ? `` trump ! '' ''
0	alex it ha been fantastic watching you race this season love how you pas and how determined you are every race . thank you
0	it 's almost comical at this point
0	now you understand why conservative fear expressing their true belief . if you don ’ t buy into the dominant liberal narrative about social issue you become persona non grata . ask james damore .
0	# straightfire need to win tonight . she is the rightful woman ’ s champion . # hiac
0	great comedy there cnn - news ? not so much ! # maga ! # licensereporters ! url
0	common sense ca n't be bought or taught .... you either have it or you do n't .
1	eric holder is a filthy maggot . url
1	you bet it ha . england is doomed . liberal everywhere are destroying our life by collaborating with muslim . the royal family bloodline mix with muslim going way back . do you think this is an accident ? read this : url
0	you are welcome . i do n't always say it , but i 'm so greatfull for this ... everything . thank you ... we had nothing and you and thor ha given u everything . so if you ever need anything in return , just say the word and we will help , '' she truly wa just so greatfull . ''
0	good !
0	since we are a republic ..... no . # maga
0	exactly this anna ! she is full of it .
1	he is quite good at faking . must have done it numerous time
1	she ’ s trolling to fuck with you cause some of y ’ all be quick to call mf coon for minor disagreement
0	you 're right . they seemed pretty tuned into your conspiracy with russia . # maga # trumplies
1	... it will be hard to believe any female accuser ... ever again ... especially liberal who lie for personal and political gain ... url
0	good luck on your future endeavor ... you are surely going to be missed
0	you are not 'progressive ' without palestine . # bd url
1	you been reading q again , right ? that 's what q say . i believe '' it too but still ... session is virtually invisible . rr is there to stay . he is not going anywhere even when the fisa doc released to public . wo n't be covered at all by the shitstream medium . nobody will ever know ! ''
0	she is so sweet
0	aunt crabby , will you bake her some special '' cooky so she will child out ! i worry she is going to have a heat attack ! ''
0	fbi couldn ’ t find trump-russia collusion , and neither could bob woodward '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
1	another sheep led to the slaughter the left are eating there own !
1	alternative : people died in pr because of a freakin hurricane you half wit
1	using that thought/conspiracy then it would be safe to argue that the liberal have concocted this and are stalling in order to help the liberal interest in that . the perfect pawn would play fearful of the process thereby helping confuse & amp ; prolong the process .
1	and your president respect all of that . you liberal do not .
0	to pivot away from china : - form tpp : trump pacific partnership ! - give business to other asian country and form strong support network outside china ! - ban product from china that include stolen intellectual property - no sharing ip to do business in china # maga
1	funny how on top of thing '' you are trying to show you are when it white republican in the path of the storm . an entire island wa just left to fend for it self for 13 day before help arrived . trump is a fake president ''
0	i think i would pick that just for the fun of it
0	you got ta prove to the world who you are bale !
1	yes bitch
1	technically speaking he is hamstrung by drug & amp ; alcohol addiction
0	... ... ... she is responding to her child ... zero ... we have no time ... you must find a way to stop elpizo . '' ( x , mmz2 ) ''
1	i hate 7 year old faggot logan fan like you
0	look like you are taking the couch tonight .
0	thank youfollowed you # maga url
0	the biggest difference to me between the conservative ’ s overall agenda and the liberal ’ s : what con do make me feel scared and depressed about others and the future . what liberal do make me feel happy and confident we ’ re on the right track . neither is perfect but one is best .
0	he represents the same 1 % all other conservative represent .
1	darcy = dorsey ? i 'm not sure why anyone wa expecting a balanced platform when the owner is a satanist .
0	she is going to support trump . raise to replace . it ’ s coming anyway . she is angry because her oral tapdance substantive betrayal shtick no longer is working ...
1	donnie jr. you and your family owe the country an apology for taking your criminal activity into our white house you are lining your pocket while your father is unfit and making a mockery of our republic . shame on you and your family . justice will prevail
0	what if knowing that abortion is at stake in november mobilizes pro life force ? kavanaugh being denied make it critical for conservative to maintain the senate . because most ( r ) seat are not up for election it could be a blessing .
0	blatantly lie much
1	coming from a guy who worry more about straw than cleaning up failed 'shitty ' policy .. now he know best .. lol
1	don ’ t mess with nigga from marcy project george zimmerman ! you gon na get lit !
0	i 'd argue it 's pointless to keep asking him the question in the first place , what else is he supposed to say ? and speaking of running with a quote , i do n't believe i said i liked it in any way . you can tho '' . see , this is how thing get misconstrued . ''
1	typically liberal jump to conclusion ..... they dont believe in due process or innocent until proven guilty ..... they are the most anti american bunch
1	this is a blatant threat by # madmaxinewaters ginning up the antifa base i smell more violence # wakeupamerica url
1	damn what i would do to be able to eat that pussy
0	sod the eu . tell them you are gone by monday and enjoy the panic that follows .
1	do you have the state right .... cali and chicago are protected by many strict gun control law .
0	i dunno . i know who he is but i do n't interact directly with him a lot .
0	panic in dc - session sent letter to supreme court re : direction for him to unrecuse himself ... # wwg1wga # qanon # maga # walkaway url
1	following because she is not only a tacozt bit a sociopath and a moron all lethal combo
0	did the pope say he is a 'sinner ' yet to be unveiled
0	you are far too kind
0	i do n't think he 's guilty .... this is what you leftwingers do ... make up sexual assault claim about conservative .
1	i knew we would find out that this is all the liberal ’ fault .
1	..... '' and he is shuting up . do n't mess with yumi . do n't ever mess with m . yuzuki . ''
1	fuck you are killing me lately
0	you 're good candy you are good
0	you ’ re right . but if our terrorize someone for having a different belief .. you are not any better
1	we should meet her face to face ! she wo n't be speaking like that much longer . she is a horrid person ! somebody will teach her that you reap what you sow . she will find out the hard way . she is just ugly inside ! ! ! fubar !
0	no that is antifa
0	looking forward to a show where you invite caller who regret voting for the federal liberal on 2015 .
0	why only a fact-checking tweet for a democrat ? i would expect these tweet for all political candidate ? or doe the ap only do this for liberal ?
0	funny thing i just asked a cop about this . he said anybody trying to steal your weapon you have a rock solid case against for self defense . on the other hand if the antifa shoot anybody they will get murder 1 because stealing a weapon is premeditation .
1	you are sexy a fuck babygirl
0	the 2015 manifesto promised me my vote back . so where is it ? you think brexit would have gone through if all the brit in the eu27 had been allowed to vote ? the referendum wa gerrymandered .
1	democrat have n't done anything but cover up .. so all you think you have a solution .ya do n't ..... you want gun control. ? how about abortion control . free medical . free ed . quit tripping
0	. ..... but but but all those gun control law '' ? url
1	mmmhm i heard you from down the street gave me a few extra second to get my shit together
1	first man movie is an accurate metaphor for the nwo globalist left -- they give you enough to make you believe they 're truthful unless you have educated yourself !
0	no shhhh he is proud of u
1	this is so entertaining . nobody ha thought about montel in year ... and you are picking a fight with him . this is incredible . such a feeble mind you have .
0	you mean like hollywood actress . ? she support # antifa and us their handbook a her profile pic . rant about # metoo yet her brother alexis arquette wa abused a a child and she is silent about it # hypocrite # liberalismisamentaldisease url
0	really good news for u conservative in texas . give repubs supermajority in senate .
0	i think the easiest way to label them would be that they are conservative who are ok with the lbgqt community and pro right . somehow that 's supposed to make them liberal .
0	you cut it early or you would have heard their complaint . smh
0	joe ’ s number one rule is respect 90. wc did not . i love the kid . he is kinda gassed . frustrated that hitting went bad after all star game . he will learn from it . go cub !
1	how doe what i 'm saying relate to gun control . if police department will not prosecute their own family '' then it 's time to limit their access to all weapon . a police department reluctant to acknowledge their own wrong doings and correct them dont deserve access to weapon . ''
1	he 's probably referring to the fact that we started with henderson who 's is apparently shit and sturridge who wa apparently finished year ago . i mean like how could we possibly win with those two on the field ...
0	# timesuptwitter pro-life organization president slam twitter for bias url # newsmax via
0	ah yes straight edge anime girl my on weakness
1	unicorn and antifa and rainbow and socialist and puffy heart and feminazis and sunshine and pussy hat . and most of all resist !
0	interesting .... somehow the local liberal government ha no responsibility in taking care of the local people .
1	i have a better idea mr guterriz or whatever his name is should resign & amp ; go the hell back to wherever the hell his people came from for the sake of this country ! ! ! ! ! !
0	wont matter to me . can not stand all those holier than thou liberals- somebody told them society beloeve they are brilliant expert on politics- hehe-
0	democrat leadership ha been silent about violence on republican for a reason . this explains why their response to antifa wa encouraging them !
0	beto running hard left - open border - aggressive gun control - socialise medicine - raising tax . dem turnout up 100 % in primary 's 500k to 1 mil and is outraising cruz . though texas had 1.5m rep turnout ... must show up and vote in november . do n't assume your neighbor will do it
0	lie on top of lie that is the antifa and democrat way
0	we do n't need more elitist in government # trump # maga url
0	i would be guessing the same thing but at the same time i know the raven would do their due diligence obviously one would investigate all angle ... but maybe not who know he is quite the head case
1	go home you ’ re drunk ! ! ! # maga # trump2020 url
1	bitch i know . my body is ready
0	no . no it ’ s not . well maybe in deep blue lib controlled ca with some of the strictest gun control law in the nation which doesn ’ t apply the law to illegals .
0	well he is shooting his shot
0	demi ’ s od wa bc of arianna grande . you see how pretty she is ?
0	well duh . that ’ s who he is . he defends other abuser so they ’ ll defend him .
0	this explains a lot : url # maga
1	# thursdaythoughts- fuck liberal . forever .
1	great book by leo zagami , pope francis , the last pope ? '' detail the breathtaking corruption and evil force that have been controlling the vatican for decade . ''
1	i eat some weird shit but this crossed the line
1	“ it ’ s only sexual assault when the other doe not agree with what he is feeling. ” he said before picking up the pace his foot turning and pushing against his cock while his big toe and other toe lift up the gland . “ mm ”
0	and yet “ he is ” . better than anyone before him
1	we 'll stop when the democrat stop using the victim of school shooting for their gun control agenda .
1	# mogg : # jacobreesmogg call for to # chuckchequers now . 'chequers plea nobody other than the # primeminister herself . ' url # bbc # sky # lbc # tory # tory
0	glad to hear it jacob ! when ?
0	gfy since you are into code letter and how about po kma
1	she is a lost soul who ha to follow the party line . i also believe she ha sold her soul for the lousy 30pieces of silver from the guidance of her horrible mother .
0	you are the racist . serenas outburst and pure hate wa the worst i 've seen in tennis
1	what do you care ! you are going to prison prison regardless . url
1	that ’ s all antifa doe . they ’ re violent and they hide . but you obviously support them .
1	you are lying again ! the public doe n't trust you anymore !
1	oh no ! ! that suck what if you are “ sick ”
1	oh . low blow or blow job . lmao
0	-he is the sweetest i swear
0	i 'm so sorry for his mother 's loss . i ca n't imagine the grief she is going through .
1	“ like hell he is hurt . do your job ” -randy orton . do you have ear ?
0	and there you have it ...
0	apparently twitter didn ’ t like your ellison post . screen capped anyways and will post elsewhere .. # maga
1	it suck hy
1	yep . and lot of people think antifa = violent '' and do n't understand the context in which they operate and what they 're opposing . like the biggest thing wa over a year ago at unite the right , where a white supremacist killed someone and several other people were attacked . ''
1	like if alt right dude were born in berkeley they 'd be antifa
1	he is so brutal . hopefully he sell the team ...
0	sweet lawd she is beautiful
0	she is epitome of how low the left go ! sewer dont go that low ! ! people # walkaway ! !
1	she doe n't support stand you ground or arming teacher . gun control . idaho belief in gun right . zero chance .
1	if you want to # maga : 1. stop intellectual property theft by china . 2. pivot away from china and give business to other asia country . 3. ask u business to move to other country 4. tax reciprocally 5. make xi look weak ! demolish south china sea . xi is a crook !
0	# confirmkavanaugh this folly is used to fire-up the extreme progressive base . soros ' # antifa & amp ; # blm did n't work . url
0	she is such a ham ! ! ! !
1	lie about what ? certainly not about you throwing gun control & amp ; accountability out the window once an illegal is involved . and “ a ” hollering ? are you seeing shit and hearing voice ?
0	certainly doe url
0	right like .... the name thing is odd enough but . in that location a well .
0	and donald trump will never be president
0	is my absolute favorite in sharp object . she is absolutely sensational .
0	all out war '' with is hilariously insubstantial ''
1	who doe n't support her ? better question is why in hell would i believe someone when liberal are lying 24/7 ? shit a california professor recently attacked a man with a lock in a sock ... how many woman have faked attack on them sense the election ?
1	. the # metoo ha been ruined by hateful demonic democrat . it 's now been weaponized against men . disgusting how democrats/liberals ruin everything they touch ! # voteredtosaveamerica # maga
0	. they both want you to believe in yourself and to do your own research to discover the truth . they want people to see 100 % of the big picture ( not just the 50 % found on # fakenews that lead people into their echo chamber ) . # censorship of # conservative is a bad idea ! url
1	betty i think woman have been handed a character assassination bomb to destroy men by the liberal and the feminist . i would hate to know these woman represent me . why wait all these year to report ...
1	you are so pathetic
0	i ’ m in hetero with you
1	for the hol tl to see . that ’ s tht big dick energy
0	is culturally appropiated a latino nick name . # latinosfortrump !
0	clearly durbin lived under a rock for those eight year !
0	what were you talking about ? climate change ? abortion ? legalizing cannabis ? private prison ? wall street fraud ? trump 's lie ? gun control ? white supremacy ? solar panel ? electric car ? wind turbine ? clean energy ? evolution ? the age of the earth ? the meaning of the word yom '' ? url
1	joke are funny if the person saying them doesn ’ t really hate white and christian . that ’ s a national past time for liberal these day . funny stuff ... for the louis farrakhan crowd . racist crap by any barometer .
0	can anybody explain how many stage of tds there are ?
0	like the way antifa doe ? or mad maxine ?
0	i think jack is busy right now pushing the fed for their share of the $ 100-million museum project . waiting for liberal to suggest only they can deliver federal dollar .
1	he is a total phony .
0	# twitterpurge documentation am i the only 1 who gain 50 follower then loses75 follower daily stop # twittercensorship of # conservative url
0	how awesome ! take picture ! she is such an icon and legend . what a pioneer for woman ! enjoy it !
1	it ’ s more what she doe than who she is
0	# liberal behave a if law and rule are for other people . # canada need to rid itself of their corruption . url
1	i wa on some shit last night
0	brilliant idea ! if only conservative ran netflix ...
0	burn your nike gear . everyone i know is done buying nike . oops . conservative are the one buying from nike . after all we r the one making the money there ’ s way way more of u nike
0	he is a patriot '' according to the left .... ''
0	# funny and # hilarious # meme for # brexit people to deal with # remainers .. a they simply have failed to put up a single argument and i am sure they are all # leftist # hardbrexit # mbga # maga # mcga # mega # conservative # patriot url
0	every day breitbart find a new hill to die on . and every day the sheep follows it lie .
0	everybody ! ! criticize our # potus and deal with it ! he will still be prez when you wake up tomorrow morning ! ha !
1	a bitch is complaining to corporate about me in our lobby lmaooo
1	mad bc you ’ re hot a fuck and they can ’ t have you
0	our african friend do n't get free college . the demoncratic are putting illegals over ppl . these antifa ninja turtle running around acting like jihadist and never lived a real life experience . most of these antifa college kid are white privileged themselves . url
0	: when we lead , sheeple follow '' url
0	amy when iook at you think child of god but also inspring young lady . you showed u that you can conquer anything and say i am stronger than this . god is proud of you and so am i. mr. heughan too . he said in an article what is the big fuss about himself you are the answer .
0	it 's so sad i grew up in a christian republican home and longed to be free like liberal cool kid . you new liberal are worse than 1950 parent . you ruin everything in your quest to prove getting picked last in gym wa n't because we wanted to play not watch you fake injury .
0	i remember back when there wa the big sit in '' by the democrat . they tried to push through 4 gun control law . republican responded by putting forth 4 of their own . democrat voted against everything republican put forward . instead of accepting compromise , they voted against ''
0	i love her ! she is the sweetest !
0	i really do love you url
0	liberal will liberal !
0	calling b s
0	# kamalaharris the new dem emperor with no clothes taxpayer funded ‘ unprecedented ’ armed protection for gun control sen. kamala harris url via
1	california gun control is direct result of white people scared of black panther using their right to bear arm . nra had no problem with that gun control !
0	a fad is a fad
0	wa supposed to be monday
0	disgraceful
1	let 's focus on kavanaugh . bringing up other case to make an argument about hypocrisy is irrelevant . it 's like saying , let 's not investigate this bank robbery because liberal have robbed other bank . '' try to focus . ''
0	( i guess i just need to double down on my donation to protect the constitution and bill of right ! ) fast company : ‘ gun control group ’ donation hurt because everyone agrees with them ’ - the truth about gun url
1	bernie ! you have been in congress how long ? now that you are getting closer to your death bed since you are old a dirt .. why a concern now ? how many bill did you try to write or endorse before you decided to run for potus ? do tell ! ! !
1	great . here ’ s how today ha gone : floris wanted to spank me . leah wanted to stab me . curtis won ’ t back me up . adam still look great at 67 or however old a fuck he is ... kl ha a bigger dick than me but she ’ s a she ... he ... she ? ! ? url
1	i 've seen these big chair but the look on your face and the pose make me laugh . somehow i believe that wa all purposely orcastrated by you boot ! you are so silly
0	pedophilia is the worst of all evil
1	hmmmm what about the meps who we elect in the uk who attend the european parliament to represent the uk ? it ’ s a framework under which we operate . we ’ re not the victim until we leave and are then subject to rule we don ’ t even control . it ’ s a # brexitshambles . let ’ s stop it .
1	this is exactly who you sound like . complete dog shit . been meaning to tell you this for a while . # long # cox url
0	the liberal opposing liberalism ? url
0	you 're absolutely insane if you think a hearing for a supreme court judge is a appropriate place for a mourning father to talk about gun control . he doe n't enact law .... he upholds them . he should have demanded his state senator shake his hand
0	wa funny . that wa when he wasn ’ t a puppet . haven ’ t watched in over a year .
0	. is no champion for woman . url
0	pay close attention he is the same guy that warned u that 45 wa a con man
1	he just doesn ’ t fit the team now . agholor should stay in the slot because that ’ s where he is successful . jmatt is not an outside threat .
1	he ’ d shat his pant if he faced any antifa
0	nice group of # maga follow back thanks ! ! !
0	the greatest generation and the original # antifa thank you for freeing u from nazism !
0	you need to see a doctor my man
1	you are a sorry excuse of a rep - i hope that your district vote accordingly-you need to go ! your nose is so brown it will never be clean ! url
1	um , no ? saying that labour is the party of hatred '' implies they are the most hateful party , and therefore the conservative are le hateful . whilst the claim about the tory can be disputed , it 's not whataboutery . ''
0	maybe you haven ’ t seen how well # maga is working on our economy . the turn around is restitching the fray in our social fabric and rekindling our civic spirit . these reform are enlightening and educating the next generation in responsible civics . # walkaway
0	gop in striking distance to retake franken seat # maga url
0	you are the epitome of class and intelligence .
0	the kid he scored on look like he is about to drop outta school now . somebody check on him
0	welcome guy ! ! !
0	if she is refusing to come forward how will this allegation from year ago be nvestigated ? ? nothing but obstruction and lie . # confirmkavanaugh
0	be sure to use lot of butter !
0	i ca n't believe twitter would ever target conservative ...
1	boy is that professor stupid or else ha a mental illness . he obviously should not be teaching anyone !
0	a much more traditional '' take on the lois & amp ; clark dynamic is showing up in tom king 's superman 100-page giant at walmart . i would recommend it . she is not super-heavily featured in the first issue but she is well-treated . ''
0	because she is more intelligent than you are .
1	wonder if he apologized to diamond and silk for calling them a “ minstrel show ? ” he should have been fired but there he is making face .
0	same and he is mine too dhudbe ! there is a reason he is my lock screen haha
0	another funny thing is how they refer favorably to japan because of gun control but admonish japan for their refugee policy
1	i think he could be called a turncoat talking out of both side of his fucking mouth lindsey graham can no longer be trusted url
0	doe n't mean you are just fighting for the money . he love to fight and want to make the most money he can while doing it .
0	you mean he is a url
0	apparently the free market '' narrative is n't convenient today . i 'm so tired of hearing about free market from conservative who then turn around and pick winner and loser in the market . ''
0	if you are new to q or interested in q here is a link to the post url and watch pursuit of truth on youtube . he is easy to follow . enjoy the show ! !
0	no one is talking about trump ! what doe this tweet have to do with him ? you liberal are more obsessed with him than his own supporter .
0	i ca n't wait to see his maga tat across his chest with a picture of mueller .
0	missing word are politically motivated . i have visited israel in the past four time . i am not anti semitic . there is more anti semitism and racism in the party . i have never encountered anti semitic thought or action in the party .
1	hmmm ... they piss off the portion of the population that actually supported football and are shocked their number took a nose dive ? shocking !
0	keep the red wave rising help to promote and follow all # maga god bless the united state of america god bless our armed force god bless # potus # maga or be gone ! help # kag
0	hmmmmm no one is doing anything so maybe don ’ t change pitcher every batter . also if he is this genius maybe he should realize this team peaked a month ago .
0	leave that to your antifa crony amirite ?
0	he 'd probably get his face bashed in by a horde of angry antifa armed with lead pipe .
0	20180919 : chris hall cbc : the liberal ' fall strategy just hit a brick wall named leona alleslev url
0	i agree with you completely ! the view that he ha on gun control seems like it ’ s common sense but why do you think that it ’ s so uncommon to use common sense when trying to find a way to stop gun violence ?
1	go to iran where u belong stupid idiot .
1	tick tock swamp ! ! your going to jail very soon ! ! # maga
1	achichincle lamebotas !
0	he is cute .
0	# labour and can ’ t commit to ruling out a second referendum a he is trying to be a people pleaser & amp ; win every possible vote he could get and positioning themselves either way like would not go down well with some voter # conservative # bbcqt # brexit # eu
0	if liberal are against kavanaugh then he 's the best man for the job .
0	51. a man , a a general rule , owes very little to what he is born with . a man is what he make of himself . '' - alexander graham bell # pushawardsmaywards ''
0	that make no sense . try again . # maga url
0	yup total gun control work just fine . well not in mexico .
0	now we know tesco 's stance on gun control
1	aaron rodgers will never win a ring the rest of his sad as career ! i hope you his regular season heroic cause thats all he is good for ! have a nice day !
1	this woman is a vile example of the far left lunacy . she is using the alinsky , rule for radical handbook . '' no matter what u have to do , ( lie , steal , use violence etc . ) u must destroy the conservative . they lack character & amp ; have no moral code . ''
1	he should be ashamed of himself . did michael moore start the term on the internet called a troll '' ? i think he is an ancient troll that is coming into his age with the liberal hysteria and their guided ignorance . ''
0	he wa n't really different with who he is now . '' or probably howard himself did n't really know his son . `` he doe n't trust easily . you have to earn his trust before you can get to know the real him , i guess . tony ha , at all time , at least fifteen thought of varying -- ''
0	besides she ’ s a leftist celebrity . we never use death threat . at least good conservative like you and me ...
0	easiest math class ever ! ! 0 character + 0 moral + 0 ethic divided by 0 truth = 0 ( hillary ) ! ! !
1	but 10kg of an already shite allowance ( coz eu worker are lame a fuck ) is a proper piss take
0	but mostly just antifa getting killed .
0	he is such a dolt . he just love being able to push people around !
0	you are my favorite person on earth just so you know . if you ’ re ever hungry and want some food i bought a 40 count of bagel bite from steel yard walmart and i won ’ t be able to eat them all by myself so please keep that in mind
0	they need to add more gun control law and democrat to run thing . they have more of both than area with much much le crime .
0	# tuesdaythoughts the white men '' . anyone else tired of identity politics ? and see how woman are the victim by the liberal . go vote are n't you tired of getting bashed ? ''
0	we ’ re super excited to have him ! he is now on board for the # hadexincursion
1	time i ’ m really starting to hate that word .... she had all the time in the world to open her mouth ... really shut up about time ! enough of this left .... liberal bull shit about time ! you and she have no case ! actually time is what is hurting her case !
1	liberal are vile vicious and disgusting url
0	just # maga url
0	ask him what he ’ s protesting . certain it will be a convoluted answer .
0	trump ’ s border wall will never happen . # maga # bluewave2018 url
1	he is a troll . not open to fact
1	you are a hero ! ! url
1	yes mother now this is what the deranged left will make you do to your little boy ! are we really going to let this happen ? pure evil ! # votedemsout # maga # 2020 # confirmjudgekavanaugh url
0	tucker carlson is not an idiot . he know exactly what he is doing . that make him malicious .
0	ahhh how the left punishes it ’ s soldier . today is your last day=don ’ t forget your 6 million dollar goodbye check . thanks for supporting the cause .
1	we are “ casually fucked ”
1	i hope whoever get seated - kick and cry all you want , someone will get seated - they 're a liberal worst nightmare . everyone can look back and say we really fucked ourselves by not confirming . '' do n't act like you are protesting kavanaugh , you are still protesting trump 's win . ''
1	even if the devil did make every single one of those priest rape child ... why doe the pope refuse to condemn it ? why did n't he remove from leadership the rapist brought to him ?
0	saw 6 female supporter of the judge k on fox ! awesome woman ! conservative rightly fear harassment and threat of physical harm for speaking out publicly today.few people trust journalist not to twist what they say . happened to me twice . i learned !
0	they will try don ’ t want attention on released fisa document
0	funny that she actually hears dog whistle ... i think that say something about her .
0	& gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; funner fact : this company . wa created by the & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; c.i.a. & lt ; & lt ; & lt ; and now the world know . ( ( ( ( ( listen please ) ) ) ) ) url
0	she is unhinged and not to be taken seriously by anybody .
0	hillary wa sure she would be president too .
0	i hope you realize that you are loved . # letsomebodyloveyou # life
1	murda fucker
0	chart by david webster 's briefing on benefit sanction ( nov 2013 to sept 2018 ) url
0	and yet the liberal keep piling in people from country like this with ideal like this and preach upon to u woman 's right and respect for all . doe n't make sense to me it 's double talk
1	childish and unprofessional .
1	dear liberal # fakenewsmedia this gesture you call a white power '' gesture is actually what we normal people call the `` ok '' gesture . i realize this is not a fun a your make believe `` white power '' name but yeah . that 's what it mean . ok ? ok ! # walkaway # maga url
0	who 's singular wiped out a number of lib dem council in the north by going into bed with the conservative thus losing local election seat . now we have him trying to turn over a democratic vote on # brexit . url
1	is it credible to believe he is worse than either : gordon on the brown in 2018 or 2017 brandin cook ?
0	liberal mp leona alleslev ’ s decision to cross the floor & amp ; join the conservative would seem to be a betrayal of her supporter . did she consult those who voted her in ? seemingly it ’ s legal ? imagine if # dougford decided to cross the floor & amp ; become the liberal premier .
0	thank you president trump ! maga !
1	serena wa outplayed & amp ; acted like a spoiled brat . she is not above the rule
0	the bus and the kitty are not very nice individual !
0	remember . just like we tried to tell you . you do n't hear from roy moore 's accuser anymore . they 're running the same play . # confirmkavanaugh # maga # christineblaseyford
0	do n't forget the illegals you are fighting for with tax payer money .
0	antinationalist ? or antinatalist ? also i ’ m not typically interested in basing my focus around being against something bad rather than for something good that directly counteracts or heals the bad thing . imagine if antifa wa called prolib lol
1	liberal are addicted to fake news . chris is their dope man .
0	i am a strong supporter of i believe he is the only president to live up to campaign promise . but to set the record straight he should clarify his comment regarding death in puerto rico . it should be on twitter for all people to read .
0	he 's still around ?
1	liberal ruin everything !
1	how doe this # maga ... ? ! ? is this our tax dollar at work ... ? ! ? url
0	running away from the truth yet again and using childish language . provide a competent argument justifying # brexit even is it ’ s just to prove that you are not a russian algorithm designed to disrupt britain ’ s society and economy .
1	i think she is the one mad . she didnt like being called out so she is trying to make them bully me .
1	judicial watch sue for record of fbi 302 interview with demoted justice department official bruce ohr '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	i ’ ll be watching ! i feel like it ’ s le of a ‘ by the end of this everyone will stan jake paul ’ and more of a ‘ analyzing what make jake paul the way that he is and trying to understand him psychologically ’
1	fat as liar strike again . # neverforget
1	i really hope you don ’ t block me until after next monday . i want to see this page ’ s reaction when kavanaugh get confirmed to the supreme court . that gun control is effectively dead .
0	lol he is funny
0	thats gun control .
0	coming from a former ag who should be charged with conspiracy to commit murder in the fast & amp ; furious scandal . one of the many scandal committed within the obama administration .
0	yes ! ! he is from gilmer ! ! it make me laugh so much !
1	and who would listen to a man that robbed american taxpayer of million of dollar and gave it to iran ? not me !
0	im no one special or affiliated with they ’ re just my favorite team i believe it wa personal & amp ; financial here is my take he obviously had some issue with management & amp ; had to set a presedent & amp ; at the rate he is going he is going to command big $ $ $ $ $
0	6d/ . they wo n't be able to make it after january ! there will be million homeless and starving ! you will see a lot more begging on the street . people living in the wood . this is so the rich # conservative # christian # whitesupremacists # maga # magaveterans # magatalk url
0	funny how you say anyone who disagrees with you are wrong . so i guess everyone on the left is wrong since i 'm always right even fact do sometimes go against what i 'm saying ?
0	do n't you have to have some proof ?
0	damn right . url url
1	vicious step . republican defended on advance in hearing and liberal only response wa to 'out ' the liar and claim republican were defending him because of feinstein 's 'info ' . real woman do n't lie about men . # honorable # judge # kavanaugh
1	you are apiece of shit ! why would you kill that animal ? how is your mother ?
0	the president despite all of woodward book of lie and you and barrack ha done so far a tremendous job we are respected again our economy is not longer the animic le than 2 % and our enemy fear u again john you and barrack r history
0	lol anglo-saxon '' most of you are a melting pot of ethnicity ... ''
1	he is toxic even for alligator
0	my wife is from the usa . all my inlaws are thrilled with trump and the conservative winning the pc war .
1	who tf this white devil jersey shore bitch ?
0	nope ; i wa fortunate to be online when he posted it . sounded like bullshit to me at first too until a few other celebs chimed in . daffy
0	following all patriot # maga
0	how about holder us a gag to shut himself up ?
1	she is in witness protection . i wish this cow had a mobile phone so she could call other cow and share her escape . # govegan
0	texas sen. cruz thanks peta for it tofu push working in his favor '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
1	see ... it 's not gun control we need . it 's leftist liberal control . gun do n't kill people . idiotic immoral leftist do . # liberalismisamentaldisorder # demsaredangerous # walkaway
0	there are n't any principled conservative
0	( you are probably wondering why we wa frontin about them . i forgot to add that my father told u that their grandparent were coming over to check on u . and they never did for the whole day but they decided to do it now . so we forgot ) we ran a fast a we could to the house url
1	jesus she is the evilest of cunt
0	he doe have a magic wand and he doe know what to do .
1	you live in the big dick part cause your gay
0	you are wise .
0	because he support d roseanne ? ?
0	give me 1m and in 5 year we will hang out if she is not married .
0	your segment with judicial watch tom fitton wa awesome ! thank you for asking the question highlighting all the great work he is doing for this country !
1	old pic . trump is not monitoring anything related to the hurricane . pretty sure he is shitting his pant right about now
1	these liberal are responsible for the deterioration of american society . they should be ashamed but we all know they ’ re not .
1	but but # beeto ha the drunk driver who leave the scene of an accident vote all sewed up ! # maga # txsen url
1	si mandys no nose havin as from the grim adventure of billy and mandy can smell that shit wheeew url
1	nasty a $ $ liberal sheep ... you are prime example of sheeple with no brain .
1	police state tyrant liberal love the word dangerous '' when gaslighting their sheep . ''
1	what you 're doing is so irresponsible & amp ; i believe that ur smart enough to understand how evil you are . if the fbi or jd had some plot to thwart dt , all they had to do wa leak '' to the press that he wa being investigated . they did no such thing . u know you 're wrong , that 's evil ! ''
0	17 yr ago today , president bush ( you know , the one liberal are calling cute '' ) signed into law the 2001 authorization for the use of military force ( # aumf ) . it ha been used to `` authorize '' over 37 military action in 14 country since - without additional congressional action . url
0	bring back alex ... jack ... or ban nyt too ...
0	she ha tooo many detail to be lying but they still will say she is lying
0	he never did show much intelligence .
1	sad part is she know she 's sick ... she know what she is doing .. she ha been a crook all her life ... she 's a very sick woman .. god have mercy of her soul ..
1	smh nigga dat shit gone take u far u tweaked out
0	keep up the good work jurky -- -you will have ca broke by the time you leave-just about there today ..... yes i sold my property in rancho mirage -- -- limited hurt .....
1	sending commiseration to you for those cardinal loss with this brioche cinnamon roll picture . url
0	so you ’ re saying all people who were opposed to the democrat and antifa in charlotte were nazi ? is that your claim ?
0	how much you want to bet they spent these month staging this whole thing . then announce the week of the voting so they could call for a delay just like they did an hour ago . waiting to win in nov to stop it # get out to vote # conservative # maga
0	flake i lost 17 guy lost let the guy do his job and think of the people instead of your non existent career
1	what wa an abuse of power wa all the crap you and the hussein gang pulled off . your big contribution wa the fast and furious caper to bring in gun control in strict contravention of the 2nd amendment . but don ’ t worry . justice is coming for you and barry ’ s band of outlaw .
0	he got it 100 % right he is pissing up the wall and marking his height
0	let fix this for you . he is not accused . people heard him . so how about “ eric trump made anit-semetic remark ”
0	oh he is compromised 1000 % . an outspoken critic of trump now is trump water boy . either trump got info via private eye or putin ’ s got the good .
0	guilt by association i see . a great tactic by spineless anti-white liberal .
1	a a kid of legal immigrant i can attest you are 100 % correct . they follow the law to the letter in most case because they worked so damn hard to get her legally they won ’ t do anything to risk their status . the illegals have contempt for our law and pull the scam 24/7
0	he is truly adorable . happy birthday baby boy
1	got ta keep that gun control law to get those terrorist
0	you are the only queen just know that
1	then you are a fool too
0	got to love susan sarandron 's response .....
0	. : jack dorsey , to his credit , ha openly acknowledged that he ha a culture within his company that is hostile to conservative . now the question is , what is he going to do about it ? '' url url
1	this is the only acceptable way to end sex
1	she is fucking delusional
0	dan rather supplied her with unimpeachable documentation and she is just waiting for snopes to verify it for her .
0	i definitely believe that she is credible compared to the man that lied under oath 4 time ! !
0	all trump 's fault i guess url
0	griexsevia
1	fake news . .
0	* shuving tide pod in mouth * need more gun control nomnom nom nom
0	it is a cult ! i pointed that out to my brother . he ha over 500 fb follower who love to talk hate and bash liberal . i referred to them a his right-wing cult !
0	when you are playing inside you don ’ t get beat inside . i agree not a major mistake . i ’ m glad you found it because i wa questioning my mind again .
0	you 're shocked to hear that liberal want to centralize power at the federal level ?
1	who will abuse it the most : liberal or rinos ?
1	weak argument considering -gop congressman were shot at a baseball practice -people wearing maga hat are routinely attacked -antifa mob commit violent act wearing mask -etc .
0	i believe he is talented no matter what he performs . it 's hard to put him in a category . what do you think ?
1	levi ’ s just came out in support of student gun control activist . now the trumpers will be burning their jean a well a their sneaker !
0	eric ( fast n furious ) holder
1	fascist & amp ; nazi do n't abide by patriotic view shared in their presence . glad the brownshirt arm ( antifa ) of the left wa n't there to inflict the usual violence v citizen who dare to speak . do you hear that , dems who enjoy wings/beer/country music ? you 're less-than . '' # walkaway ''
1	two prominent backwards conservative removed from texas education . look like they 're a blind deaf and dumb a helen keller once wa .
0	alec we been knew you are problematic just get over it
1	omfg ...
0	im pretty sure she would be a better president at 13 than he is now
0	antifa is a domestic terror organisation though .
1	her word against his & amp ; one more ! she is a left wing nut nobody would touch & amp ; is mad cause # kavenaughs mom had to evict her parent !
1	her brain is still somewhere lost in the matrix ... then again liberal are just plain delusional no matter what . url
0	.... that 's ... fine i guess ... -~- btw sammy what part of japan are you in ? ? would it be possible for u to hang out ? ? ? o :
0	really and then '' where in the world doe antifa fit into wacked out birdlandia ? and boy oh boy birdsize also apparently belief the notion that there are people who actually `` deny climate '' i kid you not ! i think rod serling 's coming to escort birdbrain back to 'the zone ' ''
1	# kavanaugh ca n't back out of nomination . he could n't go back to # dccircuit w/no repercussion . this charge will follow him . when dems take back congress , they will launch investigation . conservative who lie to get judgeship will be impeached for high crime & amp ; misdemeanor '' ''
0	lol it 's funny because it 's like gun control .... it doe n't work
1	so victoria 's secret wo n't sponsor trump any more . i hope they realize how much of their crap trump ha sold for them to antifa ! url
1	uk govt non announcement are the only consistant and affordable policy under labour or conservative for decade . designed for a soundbite . no immediate resource required . never likely to ever be implemented . it propoganda but sadly it ha it desired effect .
1	i ’ m not a muppet . i ’ m a 6 ’ 2 ” 215 lb voter who is of puerto rican decent that doesnt take b from white liberal like you .
0	the conservative & amp ; evangelicals i 'm sure , you know the pro-lifer '' ''
1	iya risi in my area didnt get the money . she is a widow with 5children and all attempt to get the money proved abortive . is n't this a scam ?
0	you are lying . stick with the fact . we pay more than that now .
1	get away from these lying toxic people !
0	conservative are creepy coward url
0	.. and no -- -if the polygrapher is a good ( and he is ) it 's very easy to tell the difference between a nervous response and a deceptive one .
1	he can go to hell
1	this is a good example of why we ca n't ban the ar-15 . someone could 've used gun control '' on those pussy . ''
1	breitbart ha become neocon establishment and is fake news the worst of the lot is alex marlow a total loser . watch or listen to fault line with stranahahn and nixon instead probably the best show of it kind . stranahahn fired by breitbart for being too good .
0	yes ! ! ! love it ! you are gold !
0	kirk douglas you are not .
0	no , you moved the goalpost from libs '' - a group that includes blm , which actually ha burned down neighborhood - to antifa specifically , which ha only merely attempted to . and if you ca n't point to conservative group burning down neighborhood ( like blm ha ) or attempting - ''
1	she ’ s not claiming rape ! and fbi doe not have jurisdiction ! the day said they won ’ t do it more than once he ’ s had 6 fbi background check if there wa anything they would ’ ve found it also how do you investigate something when complainant doesn ’ t even know when or where ? # maga
0	antifa slim is obsessed with trump .
0	forgotten ? his reboot on fox start in le than 2 week . guess you are out of the loop watching fake news all the time . # walkaway
0	yeah but he painted a cat once so he is good
0	did you hear that had a game taken away from her because she called an official a theif after he took a point and he only took a game away from her because she is a woman and he 'd never have done that to a man ? would love to hear your thought on this
0	you mean like antifa ? using the exact same tactic the brown shirt used to bring hitler to power ?
1	sadly given the hypocritical and unethical behaviour of liberals/democrats these day i view any claim or allegation made by them with a huge degree of scepticism .
0	we appreciate your patience and compliance . thank you for supporting our future .
0	this week will make the clarence thomas confirmation hearing look civil and agreeable '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	i seems hannity ha been a client of the bunny bar ( at the bunny ranch ) for year ( 30+ ) . he ( allegedly ) recruit fox ‘ talent ’ and guest speaker from there . url
0	got some antifa story to share ? i 'm interested .
1	fuckin poisonous group of people . a soon a someone hand me a hat with a propeller on top ... i 'm out . find another company to work for lemming .
0	but he is .
0	now they have really sunk to a new low ! ! hope the show bomb ! the entire thing a set up by libs just like everything else they are doing ! ! roseanne ; wa the show ! ! maga
0	dude you are old ! ! ! lmao . p : go pack go ! ! !
1	we shouldn ’ t be surprised . these same pig worked with neonazis to unmask antifa protestors . and the local coverage by shit journos like didn ’ t cover that at all . we had to rely on for investigative coverage url
0	freak “ !
1	this message is also going to get antifa member killed - if the open carry nut '' feel someone is trying to kill them by taking their gun , they will defend themselves - and will probably not face jail . whereas someone actively `` stealing '' a gun will . ''
0	only if the self-serving do n't stand and reject mr may 's de facto # remain surrender . now begone with that insurgent hashtag .
1	# mondaymorning # mondaymotivation # mondaymood # mondaythoughts another # republican / trump swamp lier ! ! # maga # woman # christianity url
0	and now we 're off to get milk and cooky
0	i do n't know who she is
1	your trash ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! but she would have been a great coach if you would n't listen to zodiac ....... but you are sagittarius you hate to be told what you can or can not do ......... like the coach from michigan wolverine hshshahhsjjjsjsjs ....... you keep praying now you hear .
1	this terrorist fanboy and his saddo crony are wholly unfit to hold any public office . a proper # brexit supporting tory pm would have wiped them out politically by now .
1	930 pm 3rd round : gun control whining and sen blumenthal hand still shaking like a leaf a he tell the judge get into the real world . this from a millionaire who ha no idea about the real world . # kavanaughconfirmationhearings
1	i think he wa black . but thank god the police here behaved professionally . she is scary !
0	boi he is bts and so is all of the other member
0	got you joseph always happy to follow like minded patriot but pls follow back !
1	gun control ! that is all these kid are asking for !
0	antifa is a left wing '' inspired group . ''
0	i understand how u feel but that ’ s something the liberal would do . they go low . we don ’ t . please . we ’ re not antifa . they r we ’ re not going around shooting at conservative . they do . we ’ re not the lying communist socialist lowlife . they r let ’ s not act like they do . thank u
0	how about corrupt pr government official .
0	who 's paying for your tweet ? antifa ?
0	first amendment
0	you are correct .
0	thank you for allowing me aboard ! proudly following all # maga # kag patriot
0	because he is the reason for it .
0	cant say those word ! ! tweeter will come knocking
1	she is a dog with flea .
0	it 's the liberal plan to destroy our judeo-christian culture and replace it w/this irrational just science . url
0	the democrat of california spray chemical of the central coast of california to magnify the son intensity so the asphalt with carrie he is slowly dehydrate the region to bring down property value so democrat can charge conservative on water
0	1 positive : # trump is mobilizing # democrat & amp ; # liberal like never b/4-get involved ! # neveragain # resist # impeachtrump # muellertime url url
0	you are a beautiful model & amp ; hws were jealous of that . i agree that kendall should stay how she is & amp ; not have all that phony plastic surgery like her sister . i do n't event recognize khloe anymore . kylie need to stop w/fillers . she 's pretty on her own & amp ; not overdue it
0	# wcw because big si wa just inducted into the # pixiegang and she is slaying it flawlessly ! url
0	just blocked a 4th . so much easier and you know it drive them nut
0	i dont think moral psychology can fix the core problem . and using the david brook model to pander to the right wont fool them for long . url i think the right embracing fascism to survive is a very real possibility
1	liberal are sick . this false accuser should be incarcerated for her bald-faced lie . url
0	i tape it . then when he is talking i fast-forward it . it ’ s funny to see his lip moving and not hear him !
0	yep fbi and cia were operating like the kgb ..... to conservative ...... much like robert kgb mueller is doing now
0	here we go this is where the nats blow a lead now or the 8th inning have you not learned and strasburgh is not what everyone think he is inconsistent
1	u a cold bitch
1	is not a difficult woman she is a far left leaning bitch . she ha no place in unbiased commentary on any platform . get rid of her .
1	that did n't work now did it ! ! maybe he need glass ! ! ! !
1	who are you to judge a man . is your name jesus ? why fuss about the word he chose ? how many did your messiah bring home . stop being a troll and wake up . # maga # qanon # wwg1wga # trump # trusttheplan url
0	go back to canada
0	like no one ha ever crossed the floor to the liberal . # hypocrite
0	the sort of thing # antifa and the socialist of would cheer .
1	..... or you could legislate some common sense gun control and tone down your racist rhetoric .
0	liberal know how the avg voter feel like with the b govts say n dnt do after
1	fuck the steelers bah on my mama that ’ s some racist shyt they doing don ’ t wan na pay that dude and call him selfish for not wanted to report
0	you coming to georgia when i get back then ?
0	mine i tell him if you act like antifa i will knock your block ... you wan na get bad ... i dont care how handicap i will take you down
1	everyone who is against this is called a „ nazi “ by antifa scum and politician .
1	fuckin great brother . i just laughed like a little girl . “ grab your ball ” stay in the trade
1	she is useless . attempt to do the right thing but never follows through .
1	so glad you are an american ! american don ’ t hate .... liberal are the true party of hate !
0	stop trying to convince people is extremely unpopular . unfortunately he is n't and it take away all urgency for liberal to vote in november . this # bluewave nonsense will not happen if people are comfortable it will happen whether they vote or not .
0	2/2 more from mark judge , kavanaugh 's bro : liberal are trying to take our fun away ... brent musburger can ’ t call a hot girl hot ... obama want to outlaw gun because it ’ s all about the children.the child , the child ... no one can belch because of the f * cking child '' url
0	they ca n't blame antifa this time . it 's right wing nut and trumpers .
0	he is the only one who ever resurrected ... he is n't dead .
0	antifa do promote hared based on race . black life mater is a hate group . prime example of how the splc are not trust worthy .
1	i am a survivor of sexual abuse . this woman is obviously lying . believe me you remember every detail . it 's so obvious these woman only come forward to hurt conservative . but who they truly are hurting is innocent men and woman who really have been abused . she should be ashamed !
1	clown who care about you or the nfl . # nflfreesundays
0	she knew conservative would destroy her world . she ’ d hoped to remain anonymous . url
1	-willie you just lost over half of your fan by getting involved in politics ! ! fan no more ! ! i can not believe you support open border and gun control ! ! you have smoked too much dope ! i guess that is what you and beta have in common ! url
0	why do conservative always cow-tow to liberal narrative ? when are conservative going to begin standing up ... boastfully ... and put the liberal down . get over this ... we 're better than that '' ... nonsense . if we do not , we may never see conservative strength again . speak up gop . ''
0	# democrat ask yourself is your party fighting for you or to keep their leader 's power ? the party leader only care about you a a vote not a a person . # conservative elect people to represent u and if they do n't we elect someone else . # walkaway . take note .
1	so this is how antifa finally dy ? by commiting suicide ? nice .
0	think about why the ndp one it 's because people are sick and tired of how conservative run government and the ucp wa supposed to be a different type of conservative but it 's not
0	you guy have featured splendidrainco 's etsy page and she is being censored by etsy now . you ca n't find her site through the search engine you have to have a direct link . and according to her instagram post they have been basically leaving her out to dry .
0	even if suspended ... he is an absolute game changer . # makeithappen
1	you mean like all the liberal screaming at a sc nomination hearing ? that kind of clown show ? so tell me since when do accuser get to make demand ? this is n't a university misandry board of injustice .
0	antifa are nothing but terrorist . # antifa # antifaareterrorists
0	you are welcome anytime my dear .
0	truly you are amazing sir ji ..
0	the voter have decided about gun control . they have gotten bloodshed on a daily basis .
1	... her background is being kept under wrap ... chance she is a rabid maga ... a most cop are ! law enforcement entity are attempting to keep quite those who are in trouble and who are maga 's ...
0	or like blm and liberal over the past couple of year
1	you kept a scj seat open for over a year with merrick garland . it is not fair to push kavanaugh thru . he is the most unpopular nominee ever . the american people deserve better than this . the woman deserves better than this .
0	nope . i won ’ t trade him he is to much fun . plus we can ’ t spell hope without him
0	he is here . every one on council is here .
0	and the last one when she is with herself . the truest personality .
0	completely agree . i grew up around gun and there are plenty of responsible gun owner who fully support strict gun control law . i ’ m absolutely one of them .
0	i think this is funny that you 're complaining about people being negative about your ridley reaction and yet here you are doing a similar thing about the online service ? ? i liked your reaction btw : ) url
0	berkeley antifa do not agree with you url
0	he 's been leading the trump opposition since day òne .
0	i thought they said number were up ? someone lied .
0	anyone with the fact would not share this opinion . once again the conservative fabricate problem where there are non and crisis where non exist . rule by fear is the conservative mantra
0	antifa took over for them .
0	i do n't care how many girl thought he wa wonderful ... all it take is one young woman to be attacked . she had therapy because of what he did to her . so do n't insinuate she 's lying . she is a respected professor and ha no reason to make this up .
1	and sometimes these edgy bitch boy are not secretly soft ( good trope ! ! ) they are just straight up .... abusive ..... this is a very thin line to walk and dramione doe n't walk it well
0	except it 's not a government entitlement program '' . for somebody who claim to `` troll liberal with fact and logic '' , you sure are using a lot of hyperbole and an appeal to emotion there . ''
0	# boom maybe that book deal isnt such a good idea ? # fisadeclassification # maga # qanon # trustsessions wow the corruption run deep . url
0	my pharmacist is a friend and he told me all about it last year ! thank you for opening discussing how pharmacist are being held hostage rather than tell we the people about the price fix ! # maga
0	1 year ago today cherry oakwood radio hostess went home to be with god . she is… url
0	condemning antifa violence is fine too bro
0	donald trump a president
0	gun control work . it just doe .
1	at least you ’ ve been some type of fucked
0	wa he trying to fool you ?
1	eat my as oh my god you better be lying
0	her own party doesn ’ t want that
0	so now someone ha to photoshop a pic of toad in a maga cap with a confederate flag on his kart .
0	so one of trump 's border control agent is a serial killer ? # maga url
1	bullshit ! people died because of an incompetent puerto rican government official . that ’ s already been exposed dumb as but good try .
1	you might a well go to your walmart cashier to get info on nuclear fusion a go to nbc for gun info . with the crap the medium feed these empty brain it 's no wonder we have gun control cultist and universal background check '' # gunsense # guncontrolnow # guncontrol ''
1	now come the pain ........... # maga # wwg1wga url
1	hell yeah it fuckig is
0	and yet antifa dress like isi ....
1	i ’ m just here to see which liberal decide to politicize this tragedy ( despite cincy having tight gun control ) ...
1	what the earthy fuck is racket abuse ? ? ? ? ? ? a fake-ass penalty . have you ever put down the donut and watched a men 's match ? ? ? ? ? ?
0	# maga # redwave baby
1	man that suck unreal
0	do n't we all !
0	all the news outlet can continue to write story about michael moore and what he say but i ’ m one of the million that don ’ t really give a hoot about michael moore and what he say
1	you don ’ t agree sexual assault is more serious than marijuana use ? how many “ baseless ” allegation are supported by therapist corroboration 6 year beforehand ? there ’ s evidence and conservative are afraid investigation would make it more convincing .
0	you are brave and have nothing to feel guilty about . you did what you needed to survive . thank you for your courage .
1	you are right he is a sorry little man ...
0	but she ha no concrete fact . but to dems a lie is good enough .
0	god help u !
1	i know right . it piss me off he is so busy giving himself credit while we are all scared to death here in nc . i don ’ t trust him
1	your husband is loosing it . he is fat and crooked and fake . throwing paper towel ! ! he ha lost his grip on reality . i don ’ t know how you can help him . he need lot of help .
0	easy big fella ! ! you would do the baseball if it wa the bravo ! ! ! lol
0	she is a keeper ...
1	yes bitch
1	# dearprofessorford i want you to know that i have zero respect for you & amp ; your antifa style attack on kavanaugh . you thought you were going to drop a bomb with your face covered & amp ; blow up a good man 's life . you have been exposed for the political hack that you are . shame on you
0	awesome q meme on that !
0	the war on the right = antifa
1	“ let ’ s just say she is the most selfish writer i ’ ve ever come to know . ”
1	all that shit wa hers url
0	poll pls
0	hillary wa counting chicken before they were hatched remember ?
0	lol he is legit
0	kiss !
1	she is getting death threat .... can you go and be a shield for her so you don ’ t have to wait ?
1	the democommunists have allready destroyed america put men in a woman bathroom right to child molestors n child killer n illegals have more right than american if u think im wrong bill say something besides kissing liberal ass
0	breitbart who the hero ? it ’ s sure not
0	good one .. but he is entirely responsible for the fallout that will undermine the usa for year to come ..
1	again for the hard of hearing : an ar15 is an inanimate object . an ar15 is not inherently evil . gun control doe n't decrease gun violence . armed citizen are le likely to become victim of mass shooting . the holocaust wa not prevented by banning oven .
0	what happened to your last guess kevin hassert ? huntsman ha already denied it . so you are calling him a liar .
1	american liberal will eat their own young to maintain power . everyone is a racist a rapist a fascist keep everyone addicted to social program don ’ t teach them to fend keep them addicted to government don ’ t let them think for themselves dems will keep black n hispanic chained
0	she is really good for him and told him how he needed to straighten up . i like her and i like them together . sometimes you just need someone who call you out on your sh * t so you can become a better person
0	you are gon na be so surprised when you find out what stealth ha been up to ... he is doing u good joe . # maga # qanon # trdj # wwg1wga url
0	brought at different time and no space on any coach . she is so red and blue that she said she ’ d travel next to a ‘ random ’ of she had to ! !
0	monte mcnaughton , who once accused the government of failing “ uphold the rule of law ” when he sided with camper over an indigenous group so , surely he is equally concerned about a government trying to rig an election you can ’ t pick and choose who is subject to the rule of law ''
1	# likenoother # gamestopcontest laura croft is great because she is a badass !
0	oh it 's ok if they 're liberal .... had n't you heard
0	hey we just want everyone to know that you are for potus and ! # maga ! !
0	what a cool guy he is url
0	gun control support is his downfall .
0	thank you followed ! have a great day # maga # url
0	yeah we need gun law like europe so it 's really hard for bad people to get gun . url you people are clueless about gun
0	that explains it then : she is an alien ! lol
0	without a doubt !
0	i 've been trying to find out the name of these for age . i went to a hindu birthday and we were given these little dough/pastry treat . i ate a plateful . i looked up puris '' after your post said small and found them . asma , you are my saviour . now to find a place that sell them . ''
1	6/7 .... drunk 17-year-old tell u little about his character a 53-year-old , let alone about his competency a a jurist . '' but it seems a tad more likely that conservative are merely clarifying , yet again , that “ law and order mean using the law to reinforce a social order . '' ''
0	i have a strong feeling a high % of them will vote blue . gun control is their main focus .
1	she ’ ll have a total mental breakdown when he is re-elected ! ! ! !
1	your shabby self and your traitor buddy bo .... gave u # maga .... stupid your just stupid .
1	1 . 2 protect trumpie . 2 . 2 increase presidential power . 3 . 2 kill roe v. wade . 4 . 2 limit voting right . 5 . 2 weaken gun control . 6 . 2 deal with religious liberty . congress is not an august body . they lost that moniker when they went whole hog 4 trumpism . url
1	liberal be like url
0	14. on stan twitter i texted steph this morning abt the thing i just love how nice and kind she is she deserves the world
0	happy now liberal !
0	how ? how is this in any way shape or form ...
1	.. understand that black life matter , fight global warming , demand gun control , safeguard roe v. wade , and , of course , marshal their force to throw the bum out . '' save our s from being used a welfare for billionaire . have medicare that cover everything . no worry or fear . ''
0	yes we do . i 've been campaigning for this for year
0	hi guy fieri i like cool person you are down to earth i love your show i love your red car i love classic car .
0	brilliant journalistic commentary here
0	she should have gotten august off to let work on stuff at the p.c . it would have help her a lot .
0	thanks colleen mean a lot to me ..... she is doing good about 4 hour away from louisville kentucky
0	he never should have been pope in the first place . he ’ s a jesuit .
1	good .. she is the one that seems sexist
0	# scottish running out of excuse and # lie to justify her position url
1	the team even know he is as
0	go eat some more burger butthead !
1	i wonder if they will burn their levi since ha come out in favor of gun control ? levi strauss team up with gun control group : we can not stand by silently '' url url
0	you are the man gregg !
0	absolutely ! we all know the dems want all the vote coming to them ; that is why they are all pushing for it to happen . dems/liberals are plainly unamerican . all they care about is their paycheck and their position . 1st we need term minute ; no more than 2 term like potus ha .
1	doe one bring the other ? # sex # war see penthouse magazine in the 1980 's . sex followed by gun .
1	100 % true ! and she is stupid a well ! url
0	of course you are ! !
1	hire american you piece of trash ! ! ! ! ! please ! ! ! ! ! ! and stop banning conservative on your platform please ! ! ! !
0	network of liberal facebook ad trace back to colorado law firm url # cnn # sitroom # thelead # outfront # ac360 # npr # pbsnews # pbsnewshour # tcot # tlot # maga # sgp # nyc # boston # baltimore # cleveland # chicago # milwaukee # denver # stlouis # houston # dallas # atlanta # la
0	got ta love a president that actually care about the people of this nation ! ! ! ! # maga ! ! ! # obamasucks url
0	i guess people won ’ t be voting conservative in the next provincial election
0	# presidenttrump win law suit - # ca court overturn # guncontrol law ... # goa # nra # gunrights # selfdefense # a2 # firearm # molonlabe # gun # kag # secondamendment # ccot # pjnet # gunfreezones # maga # usconstitution url via
0	pop quiz # maga the new antifa # democrat party are :
1	get shit poppin
0	i feel like he is weird eitherway cuz the league wa supposed to start yesterday and they havent say shit
0	she is 4 yr old .
0	and twitter seems to be beholden to cnn
1	i second this they ’ re fucking nut
0	antifa is a anti-fascist a north korea is a democratic republic .
1	i bet the first one she call when she is being robbed is those very same police‼ . people are freaking stupid ...
0	conservative '' try to preserve institution that young people are constantly trying to destroy because the aging left brainwash them into taking action . young people have no conception of a sense of maintaining effective system . most are connected to destructive impuse . ''
0	she is the best # fact
1	far left antifa just a bunch of bully who get brave when in a mob confronting a few seems everyone is a nazi if they have a different opinion
0	aww . i tried lol . she is such a smart as though
0	she is !
0	you only have 6 1/2 year left buddy ! ! # maga
1	rotten character or what we call in spanish mal character
1	liberal did n't want to hear from juanita broderick . she wa ignored . liberal do n't want to hear from keith ellison 's accuser . double standard
0	yes he is
0	stock record high url # maga
1	what ? all 12 of them ? what about the terrorist antifa ? farrakhan ’ s hateful and racist thug ? blm criminal ? black panther ? those group have no place either !
0	i follow : # qanon # wwg1wga # greatawakening # pain # draintheswamp # lockthemallup # maga # popcorn wwgonewgall
1	do you like/love louis farrakhan because he is a racist or an anti semite ? which one ?
0	be still . and know you are being prayed for . url
0	antifa doing the lord work . # antifaschismuswirkt
0	they don ’ t want you following people because they don ’ t like conservative ! sickening how biased twitter ’ s management is . # twitterleftbias
0	doe that mean he still our # superman ? pleaseeeeee say he is
0	# antifa member
0	glad i 'm off both team '' - michelle obama and bet ! ''
0	4 and a half up on the phillies ! if you are a fan of any georgia sport you know that no lead is safe !
0	crazy frog is antifa that 's canon
0	he is going extinct
1	but what make you think they are liberal ? there is nothing liberal about any of that . these people spent the '90s insulting liberal , publicly humiliating black activist , and openly attacking the new deal . where is the liberal '' part ? they passed gop policy ! ''
0	somebody got ta blow from here that be on that new wave for nigga to listen too
0	that said . you are right about those who do put themselves forward to read the job description .
1	could fund an entire school incl teacher ’ salary and have then teach his own curriculum . indoctrinating generation of youth however he see fit ... my gas tank on e rn
1	what the fuck
0	are you guy gon na play “ she is beautiful ” tonight ?
0	such supposedly smart people did n't think for one moment that in the audience there are people who voted trump and are scared shitless hearing the top brass speak that way .
0	never had any intention of showing up . only intended to delay and testify by way of dnc hit woman lawyer and medium . time to vote on kavanaugh and any republican not confirming a justice should be remembered by all conservative at the poll .
0	about time ! ! ! ! !
1	rbg next ! can ’ t wait ! the hateful intolerant racist on the left will not win ! rbg next ! ! ! ! maga
1	watch me catching a plane to hungary only to beat your as
0	yay ! you are unblocked i see how you gently responded .
0	morning and check out my new maga kid book ! ! written and illustrated by a trump america loving oif veteran ! url # maga # trump2020
0	now you are a netflix whisperer ? jack of all trade right here .
0	i bet . why do think dirt bag pub like the national inquirer are still around . smut and lie sell we can only hope someone writes a tell all bullshit story about woodward or better yet even one about you . instead of fear ” it could be called “ pervs ” . url
0	lol yeah per dina he is there everyday per claudia no horse got vet care unless it wa for donation example limping etc
1	i see you support gun control
0	heck yeah . and also she is cool
0	dont know who you are so imma just url
0	i get several of these per week a well . they all seem to be stranded in ghana or something like that and need me to transfer money to them . one used the picture of polish model ewa sonnet ( do n't ask me how i know who she is ... )
0	not imo
0	ford 's takeover of the ontario conservative make trump 's takeover of the gop look geologically slow .
0	i ’ m sorry ... what ? ! i be in my bag listening to that . & amp ; after dark url
0	that 's not ture you probably mad that she is pregnant with clearance baby
1	seriously ? ! do you really believe your own crap ? why don ’ t you just move on if she is so offensive . this ugly side to you is very unbecoming
0	i 'm glad mia is feeling better !
0	1. what ’ s your definition of a mass shooting ? 2. headline where ? nationally or locally ? 3. doe one gun death —every . single . one . —makes headline ? 4. australia : tell me about those mass carnage that happened after gun control wa imposed . link to reputable source please .
1	i didn ’ t tweet this lol i needa get my twitter off this shit
0	is that supposed to hurt my feeling or something ? wait- let me get my 8 year old . she is more your speed .
1	# rssreachesout now it open to everyone who really is intolerant . shame on these psuedo liberal
1	im going hardcore bitch
1	it is time to take these people down and take their power now before they hurt our ptotus ! ! these people are abusing their power that wa given to them in trust ! .. # maga # qanon # wakeupamerica url
0	thanks chris you are very helpful .
0	tip . he is no franchise qb .
0	i completely agree ; which is why a potential victim 's claim must be afforded due process before she ( or he ) is villianized .
0	report to be sure to check his list '' to see if your name is on it . he 's compiled a target list for antifa .... accompanied by a subscriber list . .... targeting trump supporter for antifa . ''
0	( s ) he is very affectionate and purr non-stop .
0	spot on again speedy . always the victim when thing aren ’ t going her way . far cry from the graf ’ s of the sport even though her stats will suggest she is one of the great .
0	so true ... she is so busy pointing the finger she forgot what 's important !
0	can connecticut get a date if around the fairfield county * cough bridgeport cough * . it will be hard to go to new york if people got school
1	not supporting trump is the lowest low bar . i ’ m glad someone doesn ’ t support trump . it doesn ’ t make them an ally . there are plenty of conservative who hate trump who aren ’ t also pure trash .
1	i think she is a hypocrite and loyal to the evil gop . vote her out .
0	exactly !
1	they embraced antifa . career killer .
1	i say grab him . what a difference maker . he is a home run hitter to compliment smoke . mean we release grant and snead ha to take over . don ’ t know the whole story why brown would release him . but he is a legit number one wr
0	he is pitiful ! reason economy is soaring is that he is out of office and president trump is get rid of his pen and phone regulation ! his legacy is being shattered and he know it . his speech are only about him . democrat have no message vote republican in november !
0	another country with strict gun control . for some reason gun control never help the average citizen but dictator and terrorist sure support it .
0	may be the cameraman is a trump supporter . have you checked if he is standing on a rock or so ? lmao # fakenewscnn
0	eh he is decent i think lol im playing barzal a my first line center over him though
0	he is going to get crushed
0	and conservative are no longer conservative why do you think maxime bernier ha started a new party that will follow original conservative value .
1	look like the joke on liberal again . # forttrump # poland # boomingeconomy url
1	at least we now know why she is called princess toadstool
0	rabid nationalist who 've been misled into thinking it 's the liberal who are globalists .
0	well actually we ’ re better off . just to say the fema asl guy is my hero . he is the total package . i don ’ t understand sign but i completely got what he wa signing .
0	i will be looking to invest offshore after this
0	john . you are winning them over one by one . be patient .
0	is a lefty globalist . # noonecares
0	interesting . now do you and your state of illinois .
0	didn ’ t know he wa still alive .
0	he obviously isn ’ t boycotting
1	fuck yeah ! ! !
0	thanks she is sweet . very very timid skiddish scared of every sound so this hurricane is n't helping her adjust but today she started being playful
1	that ’ s how a career in medium work ... people admire you . if people think you ’ re a piece of shit you won ’ t make it far .
0	she is weak and this is her excuse to use her vote pro kavanaugh
0	twitter ceo say conservative ‘ feel silenced ’ at his heavily liberal company . i wonder why ? maybe because they are . we are given example everyday on here that pretty much anything go if you ’ re a liberal and not so much if your a conservative . # maga url
1	i ’ d rather be buried alive
0	absolutely . he is very special .
0	if you showed the video of the immoral and wrong rioting of antifa scumbags to them they would be disgusted . show them this tweet of yours and moreso too .
0	now u r making political issue . she died this is it . many people r dying daily because of them . why she is so special ? encashing her death for sympathy of corrupt what r u doing waseem bhai ?
0	i m pretty sure you are not too bad yourself ... thanks for a lil bit of sweetness on this brutal world
1	obama claim robust economy belongs to him and pelosi blame bad economy '' on trump . these dem dolt are schizo . ''
0	liberal would still vote for him . they 'll claim his comment were taken out of context and that he is still a man of integrity . '' ''
0	why do affluent liberal like cooper who claim to support diversity usually live in area without much diversity ?
1	bite your vicious tongue ! !
0	1. six year-old tweet from an account i do n't control referencing my previous time slot 2. refers to bloomberg 's call for gun control . not mine . michael bloomberg .
0	the uk only ha a fraction of the population & amp ; had a fraction of the number gun we do not to mention a gun culture & amp ; demand of which there is ample supply here . uk type of gun control will not work here but will exaserbate the gun problem .
1	you lied you don ’ t know about the mulford act . url
1	me-too lynching of innocent republicans/conservatives will continue if gop let 's the kavanaugh fraud prevail . gop should fight fire with fire and do this one time to a prominent dem male . watch it stop after that .
1	wow ! why are liberal head exploding over the truth finally coming out ! best news ever ! american finally get to find out the truth ! the and under wa the most corrupt ever ! # maga
1	gutierrez : people died in puerto rico because gutierrez is a racist hispanic .
0	monster is the place to find job near you . these company are hiring right now ! your future could change when you fill out an application : url ^ld
0	yes and give you energy naturally . keep you hydrated
0	cutie connection is authentic
0	do you think canadian liberal will actually blame trudeau if he cost them this ? or a per standard push it off on u ?
0	i ’ m happy to say the same about conservative .
0	talk about the idea of anonymous '' then turn it into `` in general it 's about bla bla bla '' because when it come to you and your buddy making no profit doe n't apply ? then claim he `` fought against antifa '' yet now support it . what a fucking joke . ''
0	criminal schmuck .
0	19 tourist shot dead in nevada with 12-gauge sawed-off savage stevens 311d . the nra call gun control research 'unethical ' .
0	whoever put this together thank you ! ! ! ! i loved watching and the little circle on 18 made it so much better . you are really awesome jude thaddeus wolfe ! so fun to watch . proud of you boochi !
1	fk river you are a sick individual . get a life or make the world a better place or end yours . no loss trash imho
0	those liberal would have a story about jesus if he wa running ....
1	research : the racist history of gun control .
0	@ all the tana supporter that are saying she is innocent . # tana url
1	twitter ha a clear leftist agenda a seen in all the comment from conservative asking , why is this leftist shit in my feed ? '' we did n't ask for it . we do n't want it . stop trying to push it on u . ''
1	have you ever seen the former democratic hierarchy fight against the president so much ? ? ? we know it ’ s because you ’ ve been so corrupt and guilty of abuse of power . it ’ s our darkest time with the doj/cia and presidential cabinet
1	you know we will bitch stop talking like that we got ta paper to get nigga
0	# qanda fahrenheit 451 is coming regarding conservative and their thought police
0	100 % agree . if we see him starting this year it is because maxi go cold . i hope he is a next year starter ...
1	thank you m desanctis ! i 'm comforted that not all conservative are letting their ambition blind their conscience . sexual assault/harassment ha been a plague on society for century - that should not make it a conservative or traditionalist cause !
0	we must pray every single day .
0	happy birthday ( s ) !
0	get ya booty to texas
0	and i suggest using a grand jury to remove holder and all the other vermin associated with the obozo administration including obozo himself ! mr. session ... do your job !
1	did n't this trashy thing sleep her way to the top with married men ?
0	tim kaine completely silent . # himtoo # vasen # violentleft # antifa # muslim # virginia url
0	# guncontrol gun control chalenge if you truly belive in gun control i chalenge you to learn and understand what gun control is take a conceal carry course then spend enough time on a certified gun range to familerize yourself with firearm and learn what gun control truly is ..
0	bullshit .
0	buying this today best of luck on your new book ! # maga url
0	i am stunned that you are giving this guy airtime . stunned .
0	all the way to prison ...
1	she 's probably a millionaire now and once they get paid all that money to slander and ruin someone name they go away because they do n't want to get sued for slander/libel . the democrat party pay a lot of money to get people to make false accusation against conservative .
0	boner ha n't lived in real world for 40 year .
0	india cut iranian oil import ahead of november deadline '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	maybe wherw you live ? or maybe conservative ?
0	liberal and conservative judge eachother on the action of their worst character . liberal have in large quantity showcased a blatant hypocrisy today that will allow more people to write their idea off because of the hypocrisy .
0	she is good at this game just like u were a true super fan for sure . she is focused thats why she is going to take this game ! i hope !
0	just the one registration or all of them ? asking for antifa and democrat ... vote early ! vote often !
1	isnt the nra that propaganda pushing corporate lobby group that care about profit and only profit ? no idea who the rest of these crackpot are . that guy look like he ha an ar15 stuck up his as .
0	he is
1	thats why they lobbied the government to ban reaserch funded bye the cdc that could be used to argue for gun control . gun in the home dont make you safer . quite the opposite .
0	is inciting violence towards twitter account that support potus . he ha made list for antifa and ? please respond .
0	agreed . if she is telling the truth . and thats a mighty big if . i wa sexually assaulted over 35 year ago and remember everything about the incident . everything .
0	did she also say when they do to walk away '' ? ''
1	the beauty of # theview is that no one pretend not to be a leftist . # maga
1	he is one sick dude
1	call bullsh # t just poor losser
0	& gt ; unfuckable '' where is the truth in this statement , all i see are lie ''
0	billionaire making donation to democrat do n't help advance any left wing cause , they simply cause democrat to act in the interest of billionaire , just like republican , regardless of the absurd conspiracy theory alex jones and pjw tell liberal '' like you . ''
0	good # boycottnfl
0	you are .
1	baaaaa baaaaa ... that 's the american sheeple who prove roger goodell right : the # nfl can do whatever it want and you 'll take it because you 'll never give up the nfl . baaaaa baaaaa . url # qanon # maga # wwg1wga # freealexjones
0	it wa high school ! ! !
0	chelsea you like all your me too hysterical radical ignore fact . you exercise fear mongering . science ha helped make sure woman and their unborn are safer today . the morning after pill is a great advance and the sanctity of life is more ensured for both mom and baby .
0	keep up all you do blair you are an incredible person
0	he is involved because he wa there ! now he need to man up and be at this hearing . since when is it a choice to answer question if you 're a witness ? if course his black out drunk '' phase might come into this . ''
0	i do n't understand how it 's racist tho ..
0	because the non-citizens are looking for a free ride on the back of the american taxpayer and liberal are looking for vote . it 's like a pyramid . they need to bring new people in at the bottom to support them at the top .
1	so many issue facing australian voter but the single obsession of australian conservative is bullying transgender child ... url
0	you know a well a i do that race hustling is all the liberal have .
0	yep ! she texted me to call her and when i did she told me i wa fired like wtf
0	i could care le about his viewpoint a he is not a hero of mine and i prefer a more scholar-like man in conservatism such a x.not everyone ha to take his stance a heroic and may look to other leader to define what a hero is . you don ’ t get to think for other people
0	buckwheat in the 1930 's . pretty sure he and eddie are n't promoting white supremeists . # maga url
0	cp24 a usual interviewing only liberal with negative review .
1	she is evil ! how dare her .
0	now that 's interesting ! ? ! ? # jfkjr # kennedy # qanon # maga # magical url
1	do n't bury the lead fam ! it ha nothing to do with gun control law and everything to do with the demographic of those city .
1	see his profile ? think he is hardcore .... boi
1	national unity ? o you are so full of it ! you just tweeted to get people mobilized . doe that mean paying people to mobilize and cause violence ! where is it that you spoke out about antifa ? a official group of terrorist .
0	i ’ m not liking the direction he is going in . he need to make happy couple and have happiness in their life .
0	thought i 'd share a boob picture too ! url
1	he ’ s a clueless a out his disgusting look a he is about every other thing there is to know .
1	we all have concern about the democrat ' disgusting behavior and disrespect for this country and our constitution of the united state and the violation of your oath to citizen and our constitution .
1	you are such a fucking pu $ $ y little chinless donny .
0	- had a nice visit with mommie dearest . i really had to bribe her with diet pepsi to eat the rest of her dinner ..... she is something else ! ! love that lady ....
0	i think you have nailed it . she doe n't want to be under oath. # maga
0	i saw that this morning .. i hope she is doing ok. bless her heart . thank you !
1	it 's already legalized killing of baby and liberal are afraid of trump supreme court pick taking it away .
1	this is the most ridiculous tweet i ’ ve read today . comparing the traitor that are the # cpc to the liberal is like saying the democrat and republican are two of the same . grasping on straw . pathetic
0	and we should listen to him because he ’ s an actor .... and he ’ s seen first hand what happened to climate on other galaxy .
1	because what every lie you are telling if it happened when you were child the guy is a man and i clearly do n't believe shit like that happened . it just another stall tactic by the liberal .
1	omg .... he is sex on leg
1	... it should not be surprising that conservative increasingly want to take that ultimate power of life and death away from the government . '' url
1	go out like seinfeld and cancel the series while it 's hot ! jk do n't you fucking dare . this better have a 50 issue plan .
1	good ! ! ! this will surely show u how croocked he is .
0	this is the best the conservative could come up with ! stop this humiliation . # ge2018
1	lol . what ’ s failing miserably is this 11th hour ambush by the liberal . every minute # christinablaseyford refuse to commit to appearing she and people like you lose credibility . i love it ! ! # tcot # p2
1	ooooo damn ! look like a rainbow ! all pretty and shit !
1	pant drooping below the as ...
1	a if politically correct speech and gun control law are not attack on the constitution ! your hypocrisy is showing .
0	happy birthday tyler ! may god favor you with a day a amazing a you are ! be blessed today & amp ; always ! !
0	you 're interested in making me glance at your tweet because i think you are nintendo for a split second .
0	-yogi bear -nick & amp ; nickelodeon -foodnetwork -hgtv -ancient alien -hallmark channel next channel to surpass cnn in rating : espn
0	how about juxtapositioning that next to all the conservative who think it should n't be investigated at all ? or are you more interested in slanted b than actual justice ? url
0	he is the un-indicted co-conspirator aka individual 1 .
0	liberal should be jumping for joy !
1	this is the realest ( and tealest ) shit ever . eric da gawd
0	breaking : 9th circuit order to delete above tweet a it make trump look like he know what he is doing
1	who care ! he is a sick head !
0	# tripletalaq is a burnol moment for liberal and so called feminist .. shame they never stood for the real issue related to female ..
0	thank you for adding me razor ! patriots- if you aren ’ t following my primary account - will you take a minute & amp ; follow me ? thanks & amp ; maga url
0	and the rest of the democrat love antifa and their alinsky tactic . # democratsaredangerous url
1	bitter obama ? how about seriously worried obama . he is the head of all this corruption at fbi and doj .
1	and why do all the issue about pc only focus on liberal what about conservative on kneeling on fake patriotism or republican freaking out over an abortion
0	the problem for may is how it will devastate her government & amp ; party . the erg will go bonkers & amp ; try to stop a second vote . result chaos . many conservative fear this will totally destroy the party . but repressing it will .
0	wanted to be sure you saw the latest from conspiracy theorist devin nunes : url
0	the tenet of our american justice system ... accompanies to liberal guilty until proven innocent ! '' url
1	then i see like this and lust over the girl with the long blond hair and the bare midriff and micro-mini and realize she is now 48 year older and could be a great grandmother today ! people wonder why i love leg until i show them what i grew up with . url
1	chelsea is a crazy a her mother
0	deluded until he is walked off .
0	obama owns # antifa and # blm . still want to discus the rise of radicalism ?
0	and how 500 pound female do you know hm .
0	john mcenroe is older than you are
0	analysis | devin nunes explains ‘ antifa ’ and ‘ all of these riot ’ : ‘ we ’ re winning ’ - the washington post url
0	he 's just another jerk
1	look like he is urinating in the water
1	evidently they do n't care that their study '' is flawed from the start . they just parrot the misleading info from everytown & amp ; all the other leftist gun control addicts/sites . ''
1	1. end the war on drug 2. slash the shit out of tax across the board 3. repeal unconstitutional gun control law url
1	obama wa the devil incarnate & amp ; trump is jesus christ himself . i get where you are coming from .
0	even though he ha proved to be very efficient in almost every regard since taking office . hillary should fade away .
1	give me a fucking mic '' ''
1	i do n't know anything about the kkk although i believe the democrat fund them like they always did . i think the dems main terror group these day is antifa .
0	# realtornggiveaway how many are ready for our friday giveaway ? retweet if you are !
0	haha we set then
1	trumpism '' is going so well you along with all your liberal friend felt the need to try to trash it ! people are n't stupid a you suppose . # redwaverising # maga & amp ; # kag2018 url
0	antifa caught off guard after getting confronted by the last person they ever wanted to answer too url url
1	doubt he is losing much sleep over it . the guy ha been a busted flush for 30 year
0	have we become angel ? ? best
0	nbc just doesn ’ t get it ! it ha nothing to do with the day of the week or football . it ha everything to do with the liberal looking down their nose at the american people . their sanctimonious political remark - laughing at those who do not think like them .
1	he is too lazy . just slouch over and wait for the defender to come to him . bum
0	i honestly hope game get to the point where our consciousness get ported to the game world itself . just imagine the world of the elder scroll and fallout like that where you are truly that character now and not just someone looking at screen .
0	he 'd laugh at the modern antifa
0	ijesus itrump i am a republican i vote republican never touched a cigarette or a drug and i ’ m percent proud of all of that ! # maga # kag # bebest # chooseright # walkaway # trumptrain
0	brilliant effort great step count great that you are targeting more next week
0	# walkaway # maga trump adviser eye entitlement cut to plug u.s. budget gap url
0	it all make sense now that ’ s why he is wondering around omg i wa thinking why is he becoming so local he need to head back and make that album i am stressing
1	oh fuck yeah
1	why to the coward not list antifa on their profile . coward or terrorist or both ... i ’ ll go with both !
1	i 've said that many time . liberal and conservative are two side of the same coin and that coin is in the back pocket of the wealthy canadian .
0	eric who ? never heard of him . must work for cnn
0	bull ! how much is g.soros paying you for your statement against the president of out country ?
0	ugh ... you are one of those
0	ai n't got no chill for u bro . stay the fuck away from me .
0	he is still a baby
0	garrett you are amazing and funny . keep being you . i love when you talk about harry potter because harry potter is awesome
0	gabole negatif thinking dong
0	either way # ny is screwed ! ! ! ! !
0	she is not the brightest light on the tree .
1	he also clarified that there is the water birth when we are physically born . then there is the spiritual birth which is obviously when we spiritually die to our sinful flesh and be reborn sinless after being cleansed by his blood at salvation when our sin debt is paid ! praise god
1	or a piss up in a brewery ! ! hat
0	energy independence ... it 's here ! thank you ! ! !
0	freedom from national debt '' is also very good and written by former deputy secretary of the treasury frank n. newman . also great cuz he is not an mmt academic but basically confirms mmt from a non-mmt insider 's perspective ''
1	say social housing is good and in the same breath talk of climbing the ladder . hypocrisy incarnate from a failed lying politician lining her party 's pocket with tax money for real estate builder building their failure of lie
1	he is kidding no one . his paper towel throwing stunt wa seen around the world . he looked the ridiculous clown yet again . and we a a nation were scorned for the epic fail of a rescue mission to puerto rico .
0	so you are advocating for a 35-person debate or what ?
0	he is still one of my favorite url
0	you are not alone ! will say prayer for you . hang in there !
0	1 it doe n't matter how anyone feel 2 anyone can talk about something . there are no segregated conversation . unless you are a regressive . url
0	# protest reported in # sunderland except these are # football fan and one # flag say # westbrom on it ? ! getting worse now even a i type ? ! # maga # mega # mbga # mcga # conservative # patriot # muslim # farleft # leftist ( doomed to lose but do not realises it ) # civilwar soon ? url
1	twitter will be banning a lot more conservative or anyone that speaks out about the dems or liberal . closer to the election
1	liberal gag
0	you probably need more gun control and more government and more tax . le is more .
0	no kidding and i do n't support that . still doe n't cancel out the many violent protest by antifa . the money and support ha been traced to george soros and he is a big player within the democrat party
1	he is satan !
0	well said sorry geoff you are wrong absolutely no comparison
1	google cfo is a joke ! and so is the idiot who hired her for this position . # googlearecorrupt # bestuseqwant
0	now that bea arthur had a lovely mud bath and coconut oil rub she is settled in for her bedtime story and love love love your book so much i had to read it three time to her before she would go to bed . we hope you are doing well and feeling better ! url
1	ha your network/organization put out a report on actress li bingbing ? ? ? some report say she is missing '' , other report say the chinese government ha abducted her ? ? ? ? what the heck is going on ? ? ? ? ''
1	and then same liberal were accusing falsely in kathua case while hiding in shithole right now .
0	she 's hiding ! republican do n't have an antifa !
1	im saving this good shitttt
1	he is a drunk crazy man .
1	maybe we do need gun control . lefty can not handle the responsibility .
0	dangerous to liberal for sure open the flood gate !
1	is gross
1	daveb the most boring man to have ever graced simb . thank fuck he wa run off the bored
0	open your eyes- the nra only support politician that don ’ t care about gun control mostly republican
1	state level crime when the alleged offender wa a juvenile . silly liberal no crime committed by kavanaugh but probably one by the liar ford # democratsdividinganddestroyingamerica # democratshateamerica
1	lock her up ! haa ! looool . can not wait ! what a blatant lie ! somebody is scared boy ! ! if that f * * * * * * * b * * * * * * trump get in , we all hang from noose ! '' who remembers that one ? ca n't imagine the anxiety she is feeling . make me smile . ''
0	update : feinstein 's anonymous b letter ha failed too . she is not spartacus either . url
0	google anti-american ? url
0	wa ? i bet you are still into sloane ... she is pretty awesome ! !
0	dont keep signing all this talent for what so they can be on main event ever week or get lost in the shuffle chad cable is a amazing wrestling but he is in a tag team with bobby rhoode that dont make any sense and people wonder why cody left because he is a main event talent
0	then your statement that conservatives/gop hold to the higher moral ground and they know that sex scandal bother u '' is hypocritical . both side are equally guilty and should be held accountable regardless of party . ''
0	happy dance that serena lost . she needed taken down a notch or two .
0	tonight : exposing the truth behind the accusation targeting supreme court pick brett kavanaugh . also : hurricane florence damage total rise in concert with the floodwaters & amp ; the blatant congressional republican betrayal that could cost them the election # maga # tcot # kag url
0	a popular vote would be terrible ! we would become a democracy !
0	why ca n't liberal read ? ? ? ? ? ? read it again url
0	oh wait now i get it . you two are antifa !
0	she doe not remember ? of course she doesn ’ t ! she is making it up a she go and with the “ help ” of her therapist and all the others that belief her b story . maybe if she get hypnotized she will miraculously remember “ more detail ” # freakingliars liberal obstructionist
1	i did not admit anything ! read my tweet again please ! english is my 3rd language but i am rather good at it ! antifa are the nazi ! they can name them self the messiah they would still be thug fighting against freedom and free speach ! btw free speach is not hate speach . man up !
0	eric holder should 've been in his 2nd yr at gitmo . what 's the update on gitmo 's expansion ? why is he still breathing in our freedom air ?
0	congratz you are going to make a great mom !
0	you liberal will never see him a genuine leader a you are trying to portrait him because he didn ’ t do struggle at all and ha no qualification but just son of az # ap wese to bahut ethic aur morality ko promote krty hn # ppp pe aa k sary liberal
0	you are a legend and one of the best presenter on we want to see !
0	how did we get from antifa violence to chart on gun death and trump ? you keep moving the goal post . from defending antifa violence by posting 60 year old kkk statistic and claiming that there is a threat to democrat rally like the violence republican experience ?
0	lmfao ! ! ! !
1	that 's a black referring to a group . markedly different from affluent white people calling ben carson or any other prominent conservative that term . i 'm thinking more of stuff like this : url antifa n word '' is quite a fruitful search . ''
0	they 're becoming more and more like antifa everyday .
0	cry ?
0	the letter could be seen a a dog whistle to antifa to inform them about the event and jeopardize the safety of possible attendee . '' except it wa an internal email . how is that a dog whistle ? ''
0	gun control advocacy is itself contrary to the single most important natural right enshrined and protected by our constitution . any attempt to circumvent freedom is radical . see ? simple ( and i did n't even have to invent any nonsense word )
1	he spelled big dick wrong .
1	speaks in nothing but dog whistle . who doe she think she is fooling ?
0	i really hope you are a good man best of luck
1	except for the little attempted rape thing he is just a wonderful guy
0	ewww no one want that kind of imagery in their head
0	7 car and truck ramming attack in europe and america 's gun control lobby url
0	remember : you 're talking about the same medium that never question the assertion that everyone on the right is a nazi and antifa is just a group of protester .
0	you are so adorable . ^^
0	is there an aluminum pole anywhere to be seen ?
0	are there no news about trudeau and our govt you can cover ? oh .. i forget that u r a propaganda machine for the left n d liberal ..
0	i voted liberal for the first time on account of harper ... i am satisfied with the liberal
0	he is the best ! ! they ended them all .
0	it ’ s funny . that comment is illogical . walkaway is so easy . # maga is great ! # mega is already happenin make earth great again url
1	he is repulsive .
1	. liberal are steamrolling # tpp through parliament without proper debate . why are the liberal hell-bent on killing canadian manufacturing job ? # cdnpoli url
0	everybody royayers- ‘ 76 url # maga # trump # usa url
0	hey it 's great to see the people shaking hand and hugging president trump while he hand out meal to the people ! # foxnews # cnn # theview # maga # abcnews # cbsnews
1	kerry is so full of shit he is undermining thing and he know it ! the iran debacle is his baby and he want to keep it no matter what it cost ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	look like the joke on liberal again . # forttrump # poland # boomingeconomy url
0	hahaha what great comedy . liberal are freaking hysterical
1	those student not traumatised by having live shooter drill or distracted by fear of being killed at school are already doing their best . send your kid to one of those school and we might get some action on gun control . hypocrite .
0	you are not alone
1	so let me get this straight they want u to hold off on the confirmation hearing for what ? polygraph is inadmissible . all to hear he said she said ? ford sign paper in trump case against illegal separation ? and cavanagh ha just about every woman stating he is honorable . vote ye
0	seriously you are so freaking hot ! !
0	obama speaking unrestrained for more than 5 minute .... trump could n't have asked for a better gift and gun control democrat just shot themselves in the proverbial foot url
0	we can stop mass shooting with out gun control but look at the mental health issue first just saying .
0	tina thank you i 'm all in for president trump # maga url
0	been a willie fan since before most of you were born .... love that he is holding a rally with beto .... exactly which fan are furious ? could you give some specific ? url
0	why do n't the like of just do a their boss instruct them & amp ; a long a is protected the will never give a shite what happens on the street of this country
1	actually it ’ s liberal like water and antifa who promote violence
1	why cant isi blow up these two asshole ? ?
0	she is a property owner . you and your son could be - well - * [ insert feared group name here ] * ! # paranoia # atomisation
1	calling conservative hillbilly ... hmmm that ’ s original . funny how many “ poor hillbilly ” you tweet about have income and iq ’ s 4 time higher than you . your humour suck btw .
0	you can ’ t tell u # conservative that didn ’ t connive with to keep all of this under wrap till time for final potus vote .. # dirtypolitics
1	truly ha got to be the most idiotic thing i 've ever seen .
0	how about because he is useless ?
0	antifa mean against fascism . and by the way , the only people i have ever used the word antifa '' are conservatard troll on twitter . just an fyi . the group who is against alt-right , fascist , white supremacist , neo-nazis are just `` most american '' . ''
1	we have the real fact ...... you suck pussy grabber mother fucker
0	hi ha me energized . he is such an idiot ! i can ’ t believe he “ surfaced ” again .
0	american make great client ! but so many appraiser carry out inspection on radical client ! radical client hate america ! # maga
0	pretty much ! you do n't even have to say anything ... just wear a maga hat !
0	63 of the 65 woman who vouched 4 # kavanaugh have recanted after accuser come forward wh scrambling but can they stop a demeaning # trump tweet # maga # fbrparty # gopcomplicit # stopkanavaugh # trumptrain to # crazytown # alternativefacts url
1	goodell and my lion both suck
0	have n't watched it in year . # nonflzonehome # qanon # maga .
1	still waiting for mine fat
0	arrest holder for high crime against the republic .
0	i ’ m sorry you are going through this .
0	zim is ? if he is than what ’ s that make peyton ? lol . url
0	eto ba ang hindi corrupt ? you are so naive if you think that this admin is different from previous admins url
0	congress tried secret shah bano strategy for # tripletalaq . then they openly took a position to appease muslim conservative for vote . trying to confuse now about their position on it again for vote . people of india are smarter now to know their real reason .
0	look who 's talking . # maga
0	hey doug . we had a large amount of contact recently . we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you . are you referring to your tweet about the blue screen crash on ps4 ?
0	i do have one more serious question though . i am wondering if liberal men actually have ball or is this a birth defect ? what would ever happen if the left and right went at each other . lgbt be your front line ? ? antifa next ? ?
1	fortunately the rest of america is not the swamp in washington . washington is the worst place to decide what 's good for america .
0	he will change after mid term election and 2020 .
1	it 's really slowing me down . i wan na ask if i could just bring in my personal mac and use that a my work computer but i do n't wan na seem like that apple snob '' but i 'm over here shook . ''
0	go back to n. vietnam .
0	omg gunny ! ! ! thank you you are so kind ! !
0	except she didn ’ t resist and it got her where she is today
1	without question professor ford is troubled that 's being polite . half the woman in the world ( probably more ) have been groped at one time or an other and do n't hold on to it for 40 year . this is obviously a political ploy to deter scotus confirmation . # maga
0	repeat after me zombie ...
0	what an interview evanne ! ! ! so honest and right from the heart . really moving to hear your personal thought on crucial aspect of your life . fair play to you . you are an amazing person .
0	coming out of closet and admit he is russian asset
0	exactly lol but smelling good is a must for me . now if he get a new cologne then we talkin .
1	should have used a 44 magnum to make a real statement ! and people like this teach our kid ?
1	ourcountry is being saved from evil slug like hillary clinton . the deep state is going down and i personally ca n't wait for hillary to be brought in front of a military tribunal . the penalty for treason is death i believe .
1	“ blame your opponent of the thing you are guilty of ” - this pope is a satanist
1	conservative have become the cadaver party .
0	thank god they ban conservative on social medium .
0	i refuse to acknowledge the scampi nik nak . nice and spicy obscures it through sheer brilliantness .
0	because the national front of bnp always did well in rural somerset or in city like chester . just a most antifa recruit come from place like burnley or halifax . is there any reality you people do n't invert ?
0	they are really upset about this election loss .
0	tell me did restoring your computer to an earlier date correct your problem you were having ?
1	it 's been up since sunday night . he is a sloth .
1	fuck bfa im going back to rift
0	they did have a trial just a separation . over 500 kid without their parent and lowlife like you are thrilled about it .
0	everybody talk about the weather . . . we do n't : we confront them when we make sure that what doe n't suit u never happens again . don ’ t blather that it is too violence . the action # antifa is not crocheting doily !
0	he is 100 % and ballin '
0	yes he is ! # stopkavanaughnow
0	a10 every moment is a my best moment a she is my world # cartersbodysuitsweepstakes url
1	# cnn will go down in flame with the rest of the liberal . they are far too clueless to change .
0	another russian mod maga fail url
1	what a freaking as .
1	hyt enemy of the people
0	gun control ha nothing to do with taking away right '' a long a you agree to the stipulation you put in place . ''
0	# florida ! watch this group . url url
0	it just hit me the fact that bey is always on her private yacht whenever she is on vacay . si will stay on the water where non of y ’ all can bother her
0	plus now we know where she like to kiss you at when she is singing don ’ t judge me .
1	liberal dictionary : illegal immigrant : dreamer trump supporter : deplorable dreg ms-13 killer : human being baby in the womb : not human being antifa : protestors law abiding nra : terrorist bill clinton : feminist brett kavanaugh : predator liberalism=a mental disorder
0	when under siege over a b stand ... double down . # cultlogic # maga url
0	a few thing that happened to me in between # kufball road win : -got married -had sex twice -got divorced
0	followed all # fantastic # maga # patriot look forward to you following back . thank you & amp ; have a wonderful day
0	i 'm calling it now he is still superman but not for a long time . i think wb is letting him do his own thing and down the road they 're going to gear up for man of steel 2 .
0	what gun control do n't they have ? even the smallest force have policy in place for firearm use ! i support gun control i ca n't hit my target w/o it !
0	aj nahin to kal tum ko bi marna hy you are bad thinking
0	funny how he think he is soooo important ... not ...
0	you are awesome ! i am so thankful i know you !
0	the truth hurt sometimes . it 's not your fault . just keep # maga
0	bet she is headed to the view ! ! !
0	she is so alert ! baby are n't always so aware .
1	the only thing i know about gun control is how to have great aim .
0	hold up this for real ? am i reading that right ? everything is free ?
1	have become the party of “ the sky is falling ” and “ we are all going to die ” . what a sad bunch .
1	she is a wart on society
0	# msm ha no respect left . they have really reached the point of being the # eotp
0	anti-kavanaugh group already spinning that he is guilty before any disclosure and due process . aggressive tactic ! let ’ s see the all the spin from both left and right !
1	i had to click on it just to see what the hell you were talking about . i still do n't know . is your war on conservative like the war on christmas ?
1	am i an as or is it kinda weird char wore a shirt to wrestle the lesbian ? i ’ m joking .... but not really
0	what exactly doe he think he is going to do ? he should be careful about how he go around issuing sly theats .
1	reading these comment .. this dear boy wa burned alive ! ! ! ! and some are still talking about gun control ! my gosh people !
0	10. new gun control law 11. term limit 12. eliminate lifetime salary for politician 13. same medical benefit a any other federal employee 14. federal holiday on election day 15. a review of presidential power of pardon
1	flake is a perfect name for this weirdo !
0	inb4 antifa is n't an extremist group ! '' source : `` antifa : the anti-fascist handbook '' by mark bray url
1	i hate so much now . they fucked up the whole franchise .
0	classic liberal projection . accuse conservative of what we do
1	and why report this garbage . we do n't give a crap .
0	and these weasel are smiling ?
1	not even close to what happened she is a liar and deflecting how idiotic her action on the court looked
0	what freedom do you have that people who live with gun control don ’ t have ?
0	gosh alejandro you cheating on u .
0	i hope there is a way to watch it on tv . ted spanking liberal is always enjoyable .
0	why don ’ t we pray for better gun control law first ?
1	! maybe she wa fucking hungry ! ! ! no one know what kind of home life she ha ! my goodness she is a child and this officer could have handled this better . sorry he need to be fired
1	it 's like a reading a leaflet from antifa or blm . utter garbage .
0	this is antifa ! ! ! '' & lt ; kick man into pit & gt ; ''
1	if so why do democrat continue to say he is a rapist ? why do you democrat say republican allow a rapist to be president ? he isnt unscathed .
0	i should make a “ sam ha new hair and she is fabulous ” sign that i have on my person for when we are together
0	hm ? of course .
1	i understand i sound cold-but i love nintendo . this money grubbing bastard
1	you are a racist fake site of fake profile with fake picture of scammer who block you . also you delete account for no reason and block email for customer service . same fake people on by the hour . all date site are fake who create the profile themselves .
0	please explain why anti any gun control desantis would somehow hold people accountable ?
0	yes she is
0	o ’ rourke tell u texas citizen how you feel about law enforcement officer . tell u about your immigration plan . tell u about your gun control plan . tell u about your tax plan . if you can ’ t tell u what your view are you can ’ t be senator .
1	chicago~~ nearly 100 year of crooked democrat leadership & amp ; some of the strictest gun control in the nation and dopey durbin attempt to lay the blame at the foot of republican make no mistake democrat # youbuiltthis # chicagodeathtoll
0	proud of president trump ! ! ! maga trump 2020 url
1	maxine is a cracked pot and should be run out of town . what a loser she is . what a joke she is also .
0	any update re ending your blatant # racism a # windrush & amp ; # grenfell prof you are # alloutpolitics # politicslive # pmqs url
0	i 'm going to send an american wolf after those antifa commie and alt-right fascist .
0	he is so breathtakingly handsome man
0	made me smile .
0	he is nothing but a fruit cake i ca n't believe i like him at one time
1	interesting-cause you leftist not only threaten us-but regulary shoot/stab u . i wonder if maybe mr. swalwell is n't all-in on the violence toward conservative . he certainly always seems to ignore/suppor it ( antifa for instance ) .
0	same here . you got a follow . great talk on my way home from work . time to be the vampire and sleep during the day
1	and people still buy their shit . why ?
1	a long as blog that might not make sense url
1	do they drug test in tennis ? shes on some serious hormone or testosterone
1	# oshaeterry # thuglife # criminal behaved a an ordinary disposable criminal . # maga # maga2020 # magarallyrules # texaspolice
0	sorry you are feeling sick hope you get better soon .
1	he ’ s a dumb as !
0	ha anyone realized chuck is trying use blue in his twitter account and not specify weather he is dem or rep ? he is being deceptive of who and what he is so people may pic him not knowing what party he associate with
0	i ’ m praying he is caught in every illegal activity that he ’ s involved in ! he ha a very explosive anger issue ! he ’ s like a child that throw a dangerous tantrum when someone doesn ’ t agree with him . i wonder how he treat woman ?
0	# partybeforecountry # massmedia conservative ’ war on the press ha gotten dangerous — and it ’ s only going to get worse url
0	a she should be .
0	oh man i wa just telling myself this today . such good and encouraging advice when you are doing something new .
1	destroying me ? ? ? ? excuse me i beat you all the time why you bullshitting that ? ? also i love you more
0	another snow flake melting down .. url
0	schumer also wanted the irs to go after conservative and the tea party organization during the obama administration . chucky the clown want president trump impeached so stop voting for democrat . tell chuck to confirm 400 nominee still waiting to do their job .
0	your dad is my idol an he is raising to amazing young men
0	big if true
0	5:26 you are my late night thought .
0	# simonsays jack viney eats brick for breakfast favourite moment of the game wa melkshams colossal celebration . he is one of our heart and soul player . url
1	maxine is just a mean spirited woman . i ca n't imagine the demon she is dealing with to have that much hate & amp ; craziness in her . # crazymaxine
1	and how much will you have to say once you are in jail ? your whole family are # criminal .
1	the devil made me do it ! ! ! ! ! the ugly face of liberal ! i feel sorry for the innocent honest one that are just brainwashed !
1	that ’ s so fucked up omg in my old h there ’ s open campus and for every period you skip there ’ s a 200 dollar fine lmaooo
0	is that federal investigation group by chance chinese ? a congressional aid ? please respond senator a a constituent is wanting disclosure . you are accountable for all you do and say . do not contribute to any form of collusion . obey the law .
0	yes respecting the studio 's budget and shift in demographic but let be honest . we want more . ᴳᵉᵗᵗᶦⁿᵍ ᴵⁿᵈᵉˣ ³ ᶦˢ ᵗʰᵉ ᶠᶦʳˢᵗ ˢᵗᵉᵖ url
0	no he is in some other world he dreamed of when he wa on drug in colledge
0	go with meeeeeeee
0	# osho # quote via listen to your being . it is continuously giving you hint . it is a still , small voice . it doe not shout at you , that is true . and if you are a little silent you will start feeling your way . be the person you are . never try… url url
0	jason you are better than this ( re-tweeting click bait ) .
0	antifa are not liberal ! we don ’ t agree with anything they do ! ! look up their history.but also look up david duke . we also don ’ t believe open borders.doesn ’ t mean you have to be a racist. & amp ; loose your empathy/morals . i personally have no problem discussing topic .
1	i wa n't proposing scare tactic . i really meant what i said . trump can easily pull the good maga republican and can easily steal enough vote from gop dem and independent and will bring fresh breath to our rotten politics . think about it .
0	# mediatoo selective putrid outrage only at conservative only by liberal who want u to know how moral they are ! ! ! re : kavanaugh and any other repub who will stand up against them ! ! url
0	still lie just like obama.he talk right & amp ; then vote left . he did not vote for the taxreform bill ! data show 80 % + wv taxpayer use the std deduct & amp ; child tax credits- this bill doubled their deduction without joe 's help ! vote him out on nov 6th ! # maga
0	i know the brown shirt '' in the uk were not an arm of government then but antifa and the protection they receive from our police and a shown the german police seem to act like it . ''
1	yoo our dog should totally fuck
0	right ... it 's a conditioning of sort resulting in denial ... irrelevant of the fact ... thus welcome cognitive dissonance in disguise- antifa
0	1.4 in every girl 's life there 's a moment when she realises that her mother just might be more messed up than she is . '' –gossip girl ''
1	he is speaking to the best of the best with utter disrespect ~ our law enforcement ice agent all first responder low middle and high class of all race and religion disagree mr # creepyjoebiden gravy train is over punk ! # joedonttouchsomuch biden dirty hand joe
1	fuck that a bitch need to have more class you cant act a as because someone liked a tweet about you it dont matter who you are ! # nyfw is not the place to decide to be about that life and run up and throw shoe . what cardi did wasnt the issue where it wa done wa the issue !
0	. ^___^ ( ) / ooh ! you are the capricorn ! your today 's match : love : scorpio friendship : gemini career : libra your today 's star rating : love mood money career bal say .. url
0	good bye flakey fake and good riddance !
0	why did n't kavanaugh need term ? guilty people : those are the one that need term . let me clue you in : they 're worried that she is going to make a terrible impression and will not be believable . they 're trying to manage that concern .
0	no worry lou god ’ s hand is directing the trump agenda and he will not be thwarted by satan god ’ s timing is not our timing . he is slowly revealing the deep state swamp creatures‼ # redtsunami2018 # trump2020
0	dam girl you have awesome boob i bet you are a very sexy milf
0	definitely not a a democracy because it a constitutional republic ! !
0	yes ! where we go one we go all # wwg1wga # thegreatawakening # maga # godblessamerica # godblesshumanity
1	who sick of intitled racist ?
0	i figured it out ! r & amp ; d
1	i dont know ... antifa is pretty dumb .
0	no conflict here—don ’ t look at this . # soros involved in violent left agenda of antifa also .
0	for someone unqualified he seems to be doing a darned good job .
1	a bitch built like that could beat my as all she want url
1	can you pls get rid of holly he is so uneducated of sport . wheb you have sportscaster who have been throgh the sport and are professional in their presentation he look like a joke
0	he is in ! ! !
0	she is the cutest ever ! ! ! thank you honey ! ! !
0	look like misha
0	you are a great fillin for
1	that 's it throw race into it again . did you forget what happened to all the white woman who accused bill clinton of sexual allegation . the liberal democrat rallied around him . liberal are the most disgusting disgraceful human being that god created
1	what is this shit right over here ? i also showed to my polish friend and they are quite triggered
1	only if you want a murder charge . stealing gun is already a felony . shooting someone with their own gun is life in prison at best . there is just no way this end well for whoever try this . i honestly think this is a troll made by 4chan to get stupid antifa member shot/jailed .
1	you are such a comedian edd ! !
0	kingggg
1	so we load into illios insta lock torb immediate flame in all chat moira do not win a fight all game constant shit talking between a team mate and one of their team still have a torb im fighting a doomfist help
0	she is an angel ! much love to her !
1	what are you afraid of liberal . you screamed for transparency ! now that potus is doing just that you are screaming to keep it secret.the truth is there . you don ’ t want it seen.liberals are hypocrite & amp ; the alphabet agency have some bad apple involved in a soft coup . tick tock
1	# usa ( i feel your pain , even while i profit causing it ! ) # liberal , u got ta luv 'em ! redistributing wealth not on their menu- serve up identity politics slop . so you destroyed # libya -ya 'll never catch bill now -he 's got million dead # iraqi kid ( sanction '90 's ) under his belt url
0	it ’ s ok to accuse a person of a sex crime 30 year after it happened for the use of obstructing a hearing for a supreme court justice . you liberal have totally gone batshit crazy . you will not slow down anything .. this november will show you that radical behavior doe not work .
0	thank you secretary pompeo for all your hard work ! you sir are a true patriot ! god bless america ! # maga
0	crazy man
1	fake news
1	# yesonkavanaugh yes because it is the right thing to do yes because conservative are in power yes because democrat are miserable human yes because we are sick and tired of the tantrum from the democrat yes because they freaking lost the election ! please add more reason ! ! ! !
1	man i woulda just started hitting the wall with that shit . it ai n't nothing by dry wall and some wood beam . i 'm getting through that door if i 'm him .
1	i know ! ! so upsetting
0	he did n't just lose his talent . he battled demon & amp ; played on an embarrassment of a franchise . he is now in an ideal situation . i believe he is still an elite wr but i guess only time will tell .
1	hillary ? why is she on the social study curriculum ? why ? who is she to be in any curriculum ? she is nothing ! i 'm shocked that she wa in any curriculum , but i am very happy to see that she is out ! '' ( i am so glad she 's nowhere near the
0	liberal are n't bright .
0	ggg know he is going to knock him out no way this go to judge .
1	i do n't believe she 's even getting death threat . conservative do n't roll that way . plus her & amp ; her attorney bankroll is soros
0	besides jax ’ s mom and maybe ope he is hand down my favorite he ’ s like the only good person on the show
1	what ’ s your point . you are so clearly ignorant about the nature of sexual assault
1	john podesta is a spirit cooking pedo . here 's a photo of him and valerie jarrett in a rather compromising situation . # maga # qanon # drainthedeepstate # draintheswamp url
1	he did not born so he is not pakistani ? get a life man.if ur wife deleiver boy in london nd back to pk so the baby is not pakistani ? you nd ur wife r not pakistani ? just some paper of registration in london make ur boy non pakistani .honey see the forefather history .
0	. spoke about a migrant found to be a member of # islamic state , telling viewer we do n't want her here '' a he make his case for swift deportation of convicted terrorist url # auspol # saparli # adelaide # abetterway url
1	we have been saved from you ! maga !
0	he . is . here . for . her .
0	yes i do ! because when he 's grumpy he is impossible and he grunt and mumble and shout at whoever dare knock on the door of the man cave .... even at the girl ! but when he 's being good ? no . not really ..
1	beto is for gun control ! ! ! in texas that don ’ t hunt . he is a liberal just like picante sauce from new jersey remember the alamo ! keep texas red
1	i ’ ll go pick u up fuck an uber
1	how dare you tell me what antifa is doing is right . they are not fighting facism they are fighting for their own stupid cause . they are further from fixing facism than the republican themselves
0	democrat have no law ! ! url
0	if it a papercup where is the cake url
0	but he is back on the weed .
1	the deception and dirty trick happened when refused protocol and stole a scotus seat from obama . conservative love to fight dirty but then cry foul when others call them on it or play hardball right back at them . bunch of pussy . # merrickgarland # resist
1	doe nicki even know who she is ? ? ? dreamdoll a whole bully
0	you are certainly one amazing hot gorgeous stunning sexy flawless woman . wow !
0	i love you eric ... you are such a good person with a great sense of humor ! haven wa my favorite ! !
0	that she is holding a benz car key
0	. and will continue to support these absurd spending bill . most conservative will continue to gripe about ryan and mcconnell while giving trump a total pas . url
0	new york time admits expert were wrong about trump & amp ; # 8217 ; s iran policy . america is winning . url chaulk this one up a deep mark of success scrathed in the wall of success . maga
1	you conservative want to talk about scandal ! really ? let ’ s get started . if you have the ball . let ’ s get busy you chicken .
1	so that 's why he is dead now ? ? ? really fox ? ? i would call that completely unrelated ... this is why blm is neccessary
0	yall need to chill he is having a really abysmal 2nd half . rizzo had an abysmal 1st half . it baseball it happens . doe he have thing he still need to work on yes . ha the power number dropped yes ..... but he could bounce back at anytime . url
1	exactly hat are true feckers ! i detest them
0	wow . lying come so easily to you liberal . scary .
0	that 's the most polite awkward thing i ever saw .
0	my fault wa never with news crew reporting from within disaster area ; it wa only with live shot in dangerous situation . i think it 's detrimental , because a viewer could see that and say , if he or she is out in that weather , it ca n't be that bad . '' ''
1	i hope this shit doesn ’ t become a trend . keep the beef on wax homie . or at least call and yell at each other on hot 97 like 50n & amp ; cam did url
0	where is my maga cap ? ! url
1	or he is part of the fraud they pulled together .
1	and the fact he called you a nigger after you respectfully told him your preference damn near prof that theory
0	already many common sense law on the book . common sense also call for holding people accountable when they fail miserably like they did at parkland . left always want to blame gun owner just to push for more gun control rather than being honest about it .
1	that 's very true theresa . most of those mp however call themselves conservative '' oddly enough . ''
0	do you know what ’ s going to happen now ? i ’ m going to have to lay in bed and cry while i listen to kelly clarkson . thanks free speech antifa .
0	the fbi ha already done 6 investigation on kavanough . how many more do you whining liberal need ?
0	.......... kindergarten for adult ? ? ?
0	so she is protesting blasphemy by tearing religious book of a religion that doe n't have concept of blasphemy ? # genius
0	there 's nothing more joyous than watching a snowflake cry especially when it 's a google order follower .
0	the is an increasingly leftist newspaper which might explain the use of weaponised language such a ‘ white supremacist ’ to refer to moderate conservative .
0	what you are suggesting is thought & amp ; prayer would n't have given you this picture that science & amp ; technological advance did ? # science
1	she is so despicable !
0	got to love the future of the democratic party though ...
1	you say you 're part of the resistance so i 'm fairly certain you are pro-gun control . my question to you is ... why would you want a government headed by this so called dictator '' to enact stricter gun control ? i do n't think that 's an argument that 'll get you very far . ''
0	lol . you are not arguing againstbthe system i want , and i am not arguing in favor of the system you describe . that is like you arguing for the principle of anarchy , and me constantly saying oh yeah , well , hillary wa a corrupt politician '' irrelevant . factual , but irrelevant ''
0	both of them .....
0	mcquaid is wayyyyy too expensive for what he is .
1	so ? what 's wrong with white guy ? .. i 'm a proud caucasian & amp ; colombian american woman and i happen to like all these white men that represent me .. especiallysen.kennedy ... we are soooo done with identity politics from liberal .
1	hubby rushed me * shake fist * will flick a pic thru this evening when i feed em again . by the way he is still the bos
0	diversity = success ? lmao
0	sorry to hear about the loss of your friend : (
0	will the liberal stop wasting tax payer money with c71 which will be repealed a soon a next year if passed ? move on instead to ensure criminal are dealt with severly and illegals are banned from entry .
0	just think ... this chap wa teaching ...
0	well i wa born in “ 69 ” dude ! ! url
0	put your gun control policy on your website .
0	i still ca n't believe that you are 51 year old and yes your mom gave you some great gene
0	reagan also signed the first gun control bill a governor of ca
0	a suspected this is about derailing judge kavanaugh ’ s confirmation because he is a conservative and will adhere to the constitution and the law . he ’ s not an activist judge which is what they want .
0	the liberal response to this great news is very telling ! ! !
1	bring on the hypocrite gungrabber . maga
1	it doesn ’ t go far enough . jr. you are going to jail .... treason ....
1	majority of daca from 3rd world country are communists~activists-antifa-ofa & amp ; 1 incompatibles w/usculture & amp ; 2felons by criminal violence & amp ; participation in cult includes kill potus45 '' & amp ; '' destroysovereignusa-usconstndem ' y+ replace w/marxist 4threichnwo tyranny=treason ''
0	i guess i wo n't sit down and shut up then missy . i have a major problem with this situation . since none of u were there and it is her word against his should we just assume she is telling the truth ? or is this just politics ?
1	thank you ! yes he is so sick
1	. “ i am breaking all the rule for running a a democrat by speaking about sensible gun control . a woman at # marchforourlives told me how ga ’ s lax gun law allowed her daughter to kill herself before she could intervene & amp ; begged me to change the law . we can win. ” url
0	what happened to wokeisis
0	un connects fixolas ahha
1	y ’ all need to know that she is human being and knew mac for so many year and wa in a relationship with him . she ’ s grieving . she doesn ’ t have post something to prove that . and it is not her fault he died like damn ! stop blaming this poor girl . his addiction killed him .
0	take a lot of monthly walk to the mailbox to afford that kinda cheese . liberal and their wise spending habit ..
0	best female tennis player ever ? arguably . great player . she is starting to age and become le unbeatable .
0	and that wa all done before i wa 25 younger then this moron at 18 i wa at parris island and at 25 i wa at the new jersey state police academy for a municipal class for 14 week she wa tending bar at 25 and listening to all her drinking customer she is a joke
0	why are both eye open if your aiming ? ? and you liberal want a war with conservative . best of luck snowflake
1	you ’ re the embarrassment who should be kicked out of the
0	you are awesome !
1	since lebron eat as i guess i have to now url
0	it ’ s good that is taking a page out of book by hiring more high power woman in leadership role . if only he wa a good of a leader a # potus45 maybe the # maverick wouldn ’ t be in the position they are now . # markcuban # metoo # maga
0	yh he is
0	you just said publicly aligns with neo nazi . i asked which and you can ’ t answer got it . source for your “ ambush tactic ” please . by your definition i ’ m not sure you know what a paramilitary is . do you classify antifa a paramilitary ?
0	antifa rocker : d
0	i did n't recognize him without his antifa mask .
0	she is !
0	huge qdrop dump today . # wwg1wga # qanon # qarmy # maga # thegreatawakening
0	what the democrat refuse to understand about freedom ... is that there are several side to every situation ! understanding and intellectual reason ! u can ’ t survive in today society in a one sided ... fake ... life ! truth will set u free ! maga url
1	yeah but xenoblade suck
0	this is how he # maga ... ? ! ? please explain ... url
0	anti abortion is not about the sanctity of life . it about the subjugation of woman . if it wa about life then the paradox you point out would not exist and gun control would be pursued .
0	3 ) this is why our politician must act on strict gun control and robust support for mental health care . any solution based on fear or greed is simply a fallacy . thanks for taking these matter seriously .
0	exactly
0	actually it ’ s only libs that actually follow up on their threat 36 cop murdered so far by libs 100 of cop shot by libs dozen of republican congressman attempted murder by libs antifa assaulting on behalf of libs url
0	that put everything into perspective . # maga on ! url
0	she should be treated like the man that she is .
1	lmao you are too dumb ... forgive my manner but this pile of shiit you just said can give cancer . url
1	liberal : anderson cooper is gay which by default mean he can never do wrong . also liberal : trump jr is a po because of who is dad is .
0	i love your wit ! you are clearly perceptive and very smart - one of the best to play this game - just played too hard like andy said .
0	and democrat are out here trying to have policy of gun control . try watching other news outlet other than fox .
0	she is xx
1	i saw some shit today that made me want to @ her and politely ask her if i could be her stylist .... because i 'm not here for these early 2000 bangle bracelet and unnecessary accessory like who 's responsible ? i have a few word . url
0	we should all believe feinstein because she is so upstanding . she would never hir a spy from china and employee them for over 10 year . she need to resign . trader .
1	how 's her go fund me '' page working , kamala rama lama ding-dong ? i believe you , anita , or is it antifa ? the left is off the rail , and heading downhill with a load full of crap . keep drinking , and smoking your med . ''
1	my favourite part of this is watching all the conservative lose their mind a usual . once again the democrat are being mean to u boo-hoo . lol .
1	primary argument against # kavanaugh is that he is too constitutional '' the democrat started a civil war during clinton they heightened their propaganda during obama they are scared animal backed into a corner antifa , blm & amp ; ms13 are their sturmabteilung ''
1	the liberal are mentally unstable ! !
0	you mean the way hillary re-victimized all of bill accuser ?
0	she can do a google search of protest by antifa but she already know that . it 's called being blind . i would never support a conservative protest where they beat people up and destroyed property
1	that 's because you liberal have no moral anything go with your kind drug sex child endangerment
0	thanks for the history lesson . excuse and talking about past game make today even better . you are only a good a your last game ...
0	this is one of the soros contact for antifa activist url
0	she is discussing !
0	an obvious last minute liberal ploy to delay confirmation . more dirty trick since the liberal lost the previous election .
0	2/2 liberal say ( rightly ) there 's lot of prejudice and discrimination between migrant '' then conclude `` all opposition to migration is just arbitrary prejudice '' . but that requires seeing the distinction between citizen and migrant a arbitrary and prejudice driven . ''
0	f him . i would rather watch a cooking channel ! i would have more respect if he led them into black genocide chicago where it would really matter . such left bull # # blk millionaire who didn ’ t even come out of their pool this summer for blk genocide
0	clinton ’ s will get u
0	strange the far left antifa always quiet when mooslims attack white people and when there terrorist attack done by the mooslims and let not forget the mooslim groomng gang
0	liberal head are exploding . it ’ s so fun to watch them melt down .
1	keep up the good work while the liberal waste time cry and pointing the country move closer to greatness again ! maga
0	a woman who assisted in the rape of a child should never see freedom . period !
0	& lt ; because you are my & gt ; by gió ngày thu năm 1997 x golden beryl . because you are my , so i 'll cherish every moment with you . you are my past , present and my future . '' link : url # happyhyunjaeday # believe_hyunjae_day # _ url
1	this is the dumbest shit i ’ ve read since i slent the morning reading trump tweet .
1	it really is unbelievable that he feel it ’ s ok to call citizen worse than deplorable . he ’ s nut . no wonder ppl are running to reps. he obviously think he is way better than u . time to go away mr. biden !
1	about 20 of them motherfucker ‼
0	she is ordinary i did n't watch it can not stand her btw m8 what did she do this time
1	this b * * ch behar need to shut that big ugly hole on her face and think about the fact she 's not giving kavanaugh or his family the benefit of their right a citizen . in her fat head they 're guilty bc they 're conservative . behar need a muzzle around decent people . hrc clone .
1	kkk and antifa both hate group created by the democrat
0	8/ . liberal just pull kavanaugh .... the next guy will be fine me : you democrat are so obvious . you are gon na smear everybody and call them a rapist . url
1	god i don ’ t know how your didn ’ t punch carole at the reunion . she is a smug asshole . i know you are dealing with a lot . i hope you are well .
0	clearly a long a she is safe no one else matter lol
1	almost forgot you wa a nigga in ya past life lmao
0	i 'm starting to think these thing are a cover for # maga it distracts people from paying attention to trump . url
0	she is scary now
0	he never wa one much for the rule of law . just the law of rule
1	isn ’ t the coalition for gun control headed up by the lady who wa turned down for a job because she wa a bully ?
0	you are hilarious and way too good to me .
1	dam white slave owner
1	do n't let your bretheren '' fool you ! each one of your republican , need to decide if you are going to be good people or # repunklicans ! you need to know , that kavanaugh is going to make # ronaldgrump into the first dictator of # naziusa , which can not happen ! url
1	hope they 're brushed up on their very large negative number !
1	fuck xenoblade chronicle
0	b . he is looking for retirement money and a new job .
0	strength is letting go of the universe . you are not your thought .
0	you are in my top 3. among the syndicate bos are and i 'm sure the 3 of you are ready to retire happy knowing this . lol . been a fan since lgn & amp ; f ! we have all grown up .
0	wow ... mid way through 2018 and theresa may and the conservative discover that social housing exists
0	say the guy who think that labor ( australian equivalent of usa liberal ) are socialist .
0	let 's play a game called spot the bot ! my guess is this account above ...
0	this is the vetsresistsquadron '' is bullshit .. they are girl scout veteran , i have never met any other veteran or served with anyone that wa a gun control advocate ? have you ? ''
0	is it bad that i like quetsiyah . and thought amara and silas deserved it ?
0	it started with marco rubio and other conservative .
1	this is a guy who weaponized the judicial system and irs to attack conservative ... this is a guy who couldnt grow the ec onomy over 2 percent ... this is a guy who said . get used to it ... it the new norm this guy is a moron
0	you may be able to reconnect now . mind trying for u ?
1	go away you are irrelevant
0	target environment keep getting richer .
1	so fucking what . it doesn ’ t matter if they found the dead sea scroll or the colonel ’ s secret recipe . this man should not be dead but he is so due to the ignorant negligence of someone else .
0	panic in dc sessions/huber having meeting ... # wwg1wga # qanon # maga # walkaway url
0	# antifa had their site on collins for awhile . # toosoon
1	nobody is addressing the cow in the room . not even when florence is still doing her thing . it 's like after a mass shooting and it 's the wrong time to talk about gun control .
0	he is spending your contribution . vote ted cruz ! ! ! !
0	are you feeling okay ? because you are coming across a slightly hysterical .
1	disgusting ! that tell you more than anything that we need law n order and that 's conservative n kavanaugh !
0	antifa constantly lie and ... url
0	dc republican are weak and most are quasi-conservatives at best !
0	yep ... that´s what we liberal call consensual sex . you should try that some time . url
0	blocked me also . i do n't even know who he is
0	. please commit to a people 's vote on brexit . the conservative have made a pig 's ear of it .
0	your hilarious . you spin my word just a they spin alex 's word . i never said it didnt happen . i said it wa a false flag and they had actor help garner public sympathy for gun control .
1	it interesting to see the hypocrisy with these liberal when last year it wa discovered that there wa a “ hush fund ” for congressional sexual scandal while working for the government
0	time to take this twt down . is there anyone in our team with an ounce of gut ? .
1	come eat me
0	because across the country everyone recognizes high handed authoritarian gerrymandering and democratic subversion . only self serving ontario conservative '' speak for this . ''
0	criminal are running scared !
0	there is no proof he did n't but you assume he is innocent in the very same way ... if you support trump .... baaaaaaaa yourself .
0	expect : you are
0	liberal don ’ t believe in fact just feeling
1	this is why chicago won ’ t enforce gun law on the book or go into these neighborhood these murder are planned by gun control liberal so a to pas very strict or even confiscation of gun . black luves do not matter to these liberal trying to pas their agenda . 2 admendment
0	yes sir !
1	all he is missing are the inmate number
0	some antifa type might even show : sort of like a mini-g8 donybrooke then ?
0	you are my favorite bot ily
1	this pope is a dope !
0	.theresa_may : today i can announce that new longer-term partnership will be opened up to the most ambitious housing association through a ground-breaking £2 billion initiative ... the first time any government ha offered housing association such long-… url
0	you are look so damn beautiful in that outfit .
1	fucking glory hunter
0	libertarian and conservative working together to achieve authoritarianism ... shock . the name ppc ( similar to prc ) sure wa a good choice for them .
0	doe that mean you won ’ t be bullying woman who support trans people ? bet you last ten minute . you are a transphobe .
0	is it possible dallas goedert is a healthy scratch next sunday he is giving u nothing
0	true they raided a antifa bomb factory in germany !
0	# joke - # patrickmouratoglou blatantly used hand signal - he also cheated on his wife with # serena - got caught and went defensive manipulative entitled sideways - the story is n't about # race # gender # equality - it 's about # cheating # accountability
0	we need gun control now . we have had too many mass shooting in this country . thank you president clinton for leading the way in this . it 's great to have real leadership
1	madam will never respond . she is among those who see nothing good about pmb and his administration . it suck .
0	we support you dana in anything you do—yes you are a heck of an actress . thank you for fighting for u . nra proud . maga . blessing dana .
1	* replaces chicken with gun control * url
1	aaaaaaaaa that ’ s so exciting ! ! ! the majority of my friend are in second year at this point so the blow i ’ m about to receive from moving to a whole as other country hasn ’ t hit yet .... i ’ m doing film study because i hate myself apparently : / wbu babie
0	you just described all the liberal ! that 's not what i said ! president trump unlike obama love this country his action prove it he 's for the growth of america not the destruction !
1	shut the fuck upppp kliff i 'm bigger than you and gayer than you so do n't try any shit
0	u2= most overrated band of all time .
1	lindsey ... sean hannity talk to an echo chamber simply to hear himself . he is not a journalist but a news pundit with his own weird conspiratorial agenda supported by well crafted partial fact aimed at a very narrow audience . he really is a laughable fool for trump ..
0	& gt ; & gt ; old are you ? [ [ she look like a baby . make me wonder what she is doing in this kind of business . ] ] can we sit ? [ [ i motion to the couch but i look to dion for approval . i know i have no right to ask her or him to include me in their business . ] ]
0	like sensible gun control policy ?
1	lol .... your going to jail
1	you are a boring individual . it seems good too me
0	u conservative hope he doe .
1	how long will it take for one of the biggest arsehole 's to appear this millennium get humiliated and exposed for the corrupt fake lying toad that he is ? url
0	my prediction brother love break in the cell and beat up roman till he is passed out and braun win aka this is the brother love heel turn and brother love make his return a manger of braun with ziggler and drew
0	yes you are ily ok
0	another liberal democrat promising check he cant cash
0	abortion on demand - that ’ s what she want !
0	he need euthanasia
0	about a high a he is
1	i love the way this piss off liberal . url
1	absolutely all fucking done . bye felicia url
1	she is a fucking mess ! ! i hate her so much
0	what she is accusing him of is a sex crime felony with no statute of limitation in maryland . that mean it is under the jurisdiction of the local authority . fbi only get involved if there is an issue with crossing state line . they do not have legal authority to investigate .
1	they on their bullshit
0	dude ... listen to yourself ... igl is so much mure than just calling .. all the prepwork and everything .. yeah so niko called in one game or in one map ... it ’ s like mibr with cold n fallen ... he is such an important player for this roster . 4 superstar and the team work . # karrigan
1	anti-antifa is ball
0	she is going to pull it out of her a-crooked-letter-crooked-letter .
0	and lambda would be on the lower end , a others are saying on the high end is trying for influence . anyway , you are right in that i wa n't using better investment '' exclusively from a $ return pov , but from a `` quality of life return '' pov ... some of that is money but not all . ''
0	another phoney poll ! ! # fakenews
0	nobody want a supergirl movie . the show is shitty enough .
0	must read : delay the kavanaugh vote . this senate is singularly ill-equipped to ass the allegation against trump ’ s supreme court nominee . url via # postponethevote # maga # ncpol url
0	do you also wan na do some photography over the weekend ? i ’ m bringing my camera gear !
0	you are my best player ever
0	i know she is very good friend with siobhan and the two clp 's help each other a lot i imagine . it would seem she ha upset a lot of people in her constituency ?
0	damn ... then i 'll drink and fight right next to him ... ooh rah it party time and antifa are the pinata
1	holder should be in prison .
0	thank you for your support
1	you are an absolute dick
0	oh course the nfl will cower in fear of liberal who trying to destroy the game . will submit to their demand
0	surely he is a saint of these latter day
0	i feel sorry for liberal after far-left hijacked their name
0	it 's like saying , if you do n't adhere to what krishna say , you are a muslim . '' there are other religion out there and there 's also atheism , the lack of any belief . it 's not that simple to know what a person think based on his doings/non-doings . ''
0	why wa n't we given the chance to change our mind for 43years also if we have another vote and you win can we change our mind again or will all changing of mind be banned when you get your way
0	refuse to release thousand of document # whataretheyhiding consistent decision against woman 's right civil right gun control immigration health care and financial problem .. who paid off his debt why would anyone vote to confirm
0	you do remember 2 week ago the coach for the maryland terps football squad ......... i 'm sure his parent thought the same thing coach wa a capricorn you dick head ....... you are in competent stephen a smith
1	i am so weak she really beat her as
0	advocate for gun control while breaking the current gun law in place ... # irony url
1	100 % agree with trump on this . surprised to see so many liberal talk about how cute he wa sneaking candy at a war criminal 's funeral . url
0	y ’ all should really change the name of the “ assault rifle ” coming from a second amendment advocate it put the wrong name of the rifle out there to the gun control lobby . it ’ s not an assault rifle . it ’ s just a normal rifle .
0	. “ my problem is the have taken u back to the 1870 ’ s ... let ’ s have a debate about what ’ s happening today in the world of work and what we ’ re going to do about it ” # imwithdave # lbc
0	so after taking with kavanaugh he is able to diagnose his accuser
0	lol ! ! ! i had n't heard that ! i saw the guy who set fire to them before taking them off though . now levi will be for gun control . will people set fire to their jean ? will they remember to take them off first ?
1	liberal have truly outdone themselves with this stunt . absolutely disgusting .
0	patriot & amp ; anons old soros is shopping again ! # maga # confirmkavanaugh # deepstate url
0	i love pointing out to antifa shit bag that they are in fact the thug they claim to be against . url
1	that 's what happens when you let a liberal get a hold of a gun . that would be a good place to start gun control . ban liberal from getting gun .
0	she ha no record on gun control . no thanks .
1	another negative democrat who refuse to disappear !
0	easy for him to say - he get brownie point '' for this without having to do any negotiating and if it go sour , he get to accuse the federal liberal whom he hate . good politics , dougie ! ''
1	lol okay cuz this shit got ta be discreet
0	he had to talk about how great he wa because nobody else wa .
0	agreed . bring your dollar bill !
0	a good person turn people in doing crime . to say satan made them do it is unthinkable . satan would n't turn the child abuser in . what is this progressive pope thinking ?
0	aum rand really ? there are few people hat i ostensivly dislike she is definitely up there .. she actively encourages vice . also science is kinda the product of skepticism so that make no sense .
1	they get testy and decide you 're a paid shill '' a lot , if you end up hanging around qanon you 'll get used to it . ''
0	... theyre setting a horrendous precedent here . any horny teenage makeout session are now open to interpretation and hazy recollecting .. ?
1	why did n't zac goldsmith of the faux conservative party use this ? why did n't faux conservative party use khan 's defence of 9/11 organiser ? why are the conservative so f * cking useless ? if you ask me it 's deliberate a they share labour 's agenda or are they just that useless ?
0	no one belief schumer . dems don ’ t and nod with a wink happy to obstruct with lie . swampers ... same thing . and actual conservative know it ’ s an actual lie and pray for the liar to receive god ’ s wrath . how sad that truth and justice are dead .
1	her family consist of : -cheating husband who never loved her -two bonus boy who made it clear she is not their mom and never will be - in law who show more affection to stray cat than wewe . - paid employee who laugh at her while cashing her check . url
0	thank you julie . # rushfamily ?
0	don ’ t they have strong gun control in chicago ? so nobody should be getting shot . oh that ’ s right only law abiding citizen are being shot because criminal don ’ t understand they can ’ t have gun ... gun control is not about controlling gun it ’ s about controlling citizen !
1	guilty old perv
1	i miss you bitch ! !
0	how come cranleys minion don ’ t talk about gun control after all the life lost in the inner city of cincinnati but one looney shoot up 5/3 and now the city council want to talk gun control ?
0	are u living in gaza ? co i do n't think you are
0	she is known to be sneaky
0	container of hurricane donation found rotting in puerto rico parking lot url
0	liberal go crazy over creationist 's religious belief yet when useful for their own insanity disregard science there are 2 gender male & amp ; female - this is a scientific fact a man doe n't chop off his breast or have baby and where are the breastfeeding nazi for her cruelty
1	sorry but she is an idio
0	trash
0	dude your sister rock and you should be ashamed never go against the family ! it show you are a little man .
1	so she is disgusting to you because she is a ranger fan ! you are disgusting to me because you support breaking up the union ! # proudtobebritish
0	i will always tell her she is the world prettiest girl . to me like other dad she always will be . url
0	retweet complete & amp ; followed all patriot !
0	he is making face like peter strokz ...
0	is trying too hard to create a racist agenda .
0	if bobby is fit thats exactly what i would say but not sure if he is or not
0	only if soros say i can !
1	if any left leaning freak attack me i will attack back . but so many conservative are just compliant . happy with just bitching and complaining . how can we fire people up . the left ha got energy . lot of it . and if thing don ’ t change . we ’ re going to loose .
1	kurt : liberal are obsessed with seeing the president 's disgusting penis . they fantasize about being in the room with his horrible hog . [ sweating ] they ca n't stop thinking about that mushroom-capped member . [ visibly erect ]
0	brexiters are prepared that the party and the country pay the price . the gold is for them . they want to keep offshore tax haven which is in the individual interest ! why else would they knowingly ruin a nation and it people .
1	that 's why i wa so disgusted with him today . i do n't know why he thought this wa a celebration . but he think everything is about him . i wo n't ever be able to forget the horrible thing that he is done .
0	oh-no benefit and employment go up ! see how it work yet ?
1	also jaclyn is either crazy stupid or she is straight up lying to people about the morphe return policy . that is also deceptive and predatory
0	here he is prepping for the flood . url
0	wait why did they need a warrant ? is he currently under investigation ? pretty sure he is currently not alive .
0	he/she is lying also . claiming i did n't know they were dating '' but when you look at her old tweet you can see her arguing with careeeema and saying they 're dating . plus tom and z are too careful to hold hand in public. ``
0	that 's just modelling . plenty of woman make shit ton of money just for looking good
0	i ’ m not even a bron fan but he is overall the best player in the league .
1	you are a coward and really have no right to be ag . you are a disappointment . your day are numbered and so his your party .
0	i love the way leona alleslev ha seen through the liberal . she ha undoubtedly seen the destruction of our choice of service to our country . trudeau 's father started it destruction in the 60 's and it ha n't changed junior goal of destruction either . thank you for joining u .
0	return of the milk ‘ snatcher ’ just when you thought tory could sink no lower .
1	coward in mask . antifa are the true fascist .
0	# remainers whining are also in denial about the news around the rest of # europe read dictionary on ' # democracy ' ' # totalitarian ' ' # beyrayal ' ' # inevitable ' 'youtube ' and 'over ' ! # brexit # eu # mbga # mega # maga # mcga # conservative # patriot url
0	stop collins . there is someone who will support woman . dr cat london . she is opposing collins and we can end the b . all she need to do is clean out her desk and go home .
0	bet ya ryan can ’ t wait ...
0	# cino conservative in name only
0	kathy the patriot you have to love our great president trump ! ! ! a spine of u.s . steel ! ! changing it ! on trade & amp ; everything for american ! ! # americafirst # usa # maga # leadership & amp ; # respect # economy # job # peacethrustrength # god # bless # trump & amp ; # theusa
0	did n't think i could have le respect for whoever she is until now .
0	just followed you ! nice to know there are liberal in florida ! adearfriendnjust moved there and is surrounded by red !
0	believe in something . even if it mean sacrificing everything - like hitler did
1	both qanon and antifa will be listed a disease
0	geeezz and doesn ’ t even air all that or the doug show
0	doesnt bother me . i will always believe there wa more to that story and the father had a part in it some how .
0	there were no abuse ! that ’ s the point bill ! you just did what liberal do . condemned a man with zero evidence . if a conservative woman would of accused him ? maybe ! seems only liberal get groped ! go figure ! what are the odds ?
1	phooey ! it wa n't about stepping forward '' it wa about helping wield a crude sharp axe on the uk 's poor and vulnerable . he is a total hypocrite and fraud in a stupid affected style hat . ''
0	what is dier ? imagine being durham and coming out with that .... what even is this shite it ’ s just irrelevant pish .... what level of stupid have you got to be to listen to this painful waste of airtime
0	some of christine blasey ford fine upstanding american she follows : beverly hill antifa laguna beach antifa neverland antifa midwest antifa boston bob antifa wait for it ; anthony weiner - inmate # 3425742 kinda say it all ! wwg1wga patriot ...
0	// a thank you so much ! you are a brilliantly talented writer and i am so thrilled to interact with you ! this thread is going to be epic ! url
0	16 postal worker slaughtered in oklahoma with 12-gauge winchester 1300 pump-action shotgun . the nra call gun control research 'unethical ' .
0	but everyone arguing for gun control always point to australia and the eu for example ?
0	undertaker taking maga a bit to seriously smh url
0	sorry for so much b to get to this but here is the article i read url
0	no one care about her gold digging and possibly illegal recording .
1	and you ’ ll spend your final day in hell sinking
1	if you go by anything other than he or she you are fucked in the head .
0	how crazy youre a professor and you lie and slander conservative . wow . lowest of the low . i hope you 're proud of yourself . every false statement you 've ever made is being revorded and you 'll be judged accordingly . best bet is to just sit down w/ n talk
0	no liberal calling for to resign url
0	i do n't think you have a clue what leadership and liberal have the temperament of 2 year old child being told no .... you have the intellectual brilliance of a goat .. please stop tweeting . tds is making look quite the fool ..
1	if he ’ d just said “ give me a lawyer asshole ” they ’ d have given him dershowitz .
1	i do not believe erick erickson exists . i do believe he is a democrat pr firm creating a “ republican ” persona to have it say idiotic thing to discredit conservative .
0	he always wa in on it .
1	bad people don ’ t obey the law . there are many more gun in circulation in north america than there are people . gun control is liberal mind masturbation .
0	she ’ s dead as serious too . smdh
0	now that ’ s what i call “ gun control ”
0	student who do not vote are literally giving their vote to those who do not respect their race gender gun free school gun control their over charged student loan clean water for drinking bathing climate denying polluter all student must vote no complain after it too late
1	anyone who support gun control is a racist . just like shannon twatts
0	nah she is pti an emotional one more than rational .. but got caught at the wrong end of the bargain . big house too many member but single gas connection . she doe n't understand it 's target is the elite and the people who run gas generator .
0	are you wanting gun control for leo ’ s ?
0	enioy ! ! ! you are gon na rock it jackie !
0	all i see are lemming
0	liberal are against abortion too : we call it birth control . '' ''
0	maga ... retweet this over and over ... he ha deleted the tweet but let 's let him know we have it ! url
0	middle class voted & amp ; continue to support our that u demoralize daily bcuz we do not like direction our country ha been heading . it continues when u take a blind eye to hate & amp ; violence spewed from antifa & amp ; illegals who disregard our law .
1	i know but look outside the box it like when rush limbaugh lost his shit . they remind me of each other so in my head it funny .
0	you are amazing . i admire you so much for always being able to raise above the ugliness & amp ; hatred . you show u what grace is .
1	i am talking about your comment that nick wa a fascist ... brittany mean nothing to me . so like i said are you antifa ?
1	still remember this show ... suck man
0	i do i do buh if u really know me you would know khabib is my guyyyy . he is gon na make him humble
0	exactly why ca-district 23 should kick ol ’ moneybag mccarthy out ! vote for responsible gun control ! vote against nra ! vote for the safety of californian ! # matta4congress # sendmccarthypacking # cadeservesbetter
0	love this .
0	but a a sidenote i do n't categorize all ppl on the left a * far left * - * antifa thug * etc . far from . and i do n't condone any effort to perpetuate such behavior .
0	socialism and more gun control no thanks !
0	the people complaining about this are almost certainly the one who think getting in people ’ s face ( antifa etc ) will result in the victim accepting it and thanking them for their advice .
1	oh fuck-
0	hitler would be so proud of david hogg trying to disarm american citizen so when democrat come to power-we are helpless and can not defend ourselves- & amp ; that 's why we have they ar15 's url
1	to quit sex ?
1	i ’ ll bet you mock disabled people too . funny how the maga crowd like to pick on the weak and support the powerful . like bully . wonder who your role model is ?
0	she is sooooo pretty ! ! ! ! !
1	do you have any other recourse ? this is so wrong on so many level . can you sue them ? i wish there wa a way to reinforce your point on the mistreatment you have received . liberal are full of hate and discontent and unfortunately there are more of them than u . idiot . url
1	he wa saying nigga who say they boycotting nike for the military are racist because the military fuck with nike
0	happening to lecor and i where our frame rate is down by a decent amount and frame drop
0	we all know # liberal ' poll is completely a b .
1	it appears to be paired with a woo-hoo so he must think he is on his way to a brothel .
0	love you endlessly ally # askally what should i do to help my mom while she is in hospital any advice
0	hahahah man please pas along whatever you are smoking ! ! ! url
0	the set-up that led to the second hogan touchdown show how much of a threat he is and how much defense respect where he is on the field
1	democrat gun control and mass shooting data determined to be fraudulent . democrat are liar once again . url
0	we have thousand of gun control law . which one aren ’ t “ sensible ” enough for you ?
0	please follow me and those beliwunited we stand divided we fall . let ’ s continue to help president trump maga url
0	she is beautiful
0	you ca n't help it because you are amazing !
0	she is not paid off . look her up here on twitter . they are being horrible to her .
1	poor baby . this is why you and your entire network can not be trusted . the only people still watching cnn are brainwashed liberal and demonrats . url
0	he is a psychic ain ’ t he
0	and the only people who actually watch the emmy are low intellect liberal and crackheads .
1	what the fuck ? you don ’ t care about your friend ? you are not a real friend then he not losing anyone special then cuz you can ’ t even be a real friend and that ’ s sad
0	maga hat ?
0	9. you are cute all the time url
0	ha ! ha ! don ’ t forget : too soon to talk about gun control .
0	tried to comment on his journalistic smear he made # justiceclarencethomas but for some reason he ha blocked 68yr old christian gmother who tweet occasionally when she see the injustice of liberal & amp ; their # msm to take every chance to attack an opposite opinion .
0	keith ellison accuser call out dems amid kavanaugh allegation : ' i 've been smeared ' by my own party ’ keith ellison ha no room to accuse anybody of wrong doing‼ url # kavanaughconfirmation # tuesdaythoughts # maga
0	they forget about antifa and all threat to conservative when it ’ s convenient !
0	yes keep voting until the new reich in brussels get the result they want . call another referendum and just see what happens . go away liberal your finished
0	exactly ! fred guttenberg ’ s entire mission is for “ gun control ” & amp ; feinstein will do anything for a dollar . both are on a mission to change legislation in favor of taking gun from law abiding american . how is his whole stance not political ?
1	embarrassing for the liberal .... i wonder who those woman raped in school
0	typical violent antifa ... hooligan are stalking california causing mayhem . url
0	i love you so much and i 'm so proud of the great actress you are today
1	# tuesdaythought . the only hate speech that i hear these last 2 year is from liberals- stop the hate !
0	so dam sexy !
1	and , of course , you exclude all but a select group of ( primarily northwestern ) european and a few asian country from your any country '' list . gun control ha no positive correlation with lower homicide rate , even within cherry-picked euro country . url
1	anything will help . thank you # patriot # maga and if you dont hear from me thanking any who help and share it bc im about to loose signal out here in the rain and batt will die so i got ta get to a place to plug in . thanks again folk and god bless url
0	vigano should come forward .... reveal where he is ... reveal all document ... and be on board helping prosecution .......
1	yes his brain wa effected . he is one of the sharpest attorney in america . but maybe it effected your brain is tge what you meant ?
0	obesity high on the list . but people still care more about gun control url
0	i would think already since you are only following half the people that are following you ? it is called the follow back resistance .
0	welcome to britain
0	“ all part of a plan ” by conservative ’ s budget ! even a layperson like me knew that it wa exactly what would happen by cutting policing ! to
0	you are here
0	i wish liberal would keep their promise
1	you missed seeing pruitt chewing butt all the way to the end . he 's all business . i love it
1	endless dreg here ... # maga & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & lt ; & lt ; & lt ; & lt ; & lt ; & lt ; pervert supreme of society
0	thank you for signing shelby ’ s poster last night ! she is still so excited . we are so proud of our big win ! # onetroy # gotrojans # proudalum url
0	they always get mad when they are losing money .
0	i am talking about brett . he is the one that is in trouble if he doe n't win and make a big move
1	good them !
1	may be you have forgotten that at the moment we are eu citizen and so all right afforded to u are the same a for other eu citizen . don ’ t believe all the shit that go on in your head .
0	pg 6 ’ 6 pure shot creator . you don ’ t need to speedboost in this game . if you are half-decent you should thrive with shot creator . they are known for draining ( and greening ) the most contested shit . yw !
0	it 's not from antifa . it wa a troll created by pol .
1	fascist always control the medium .
0	not according to the echr who said it wa inhuman & amp ; degrading treatment which is pretty awful in itself . so you are directing your comment at the wrong person .
1	mean nothing ! ! your always so dramatic and none of your promise ever come true not sure why i still follow you . i 'm starting to realize you are full of crap .
0	do n't need to make it any more obvious how desperate you are ... your replaced '' comment wa enough indication of where your prejudice and xenophobic view stem from ... ''
0	( but look how cranky she is ! url )
0	sad for both ! ! ! to be exploited and also to have a reputation destroyed ! now i ’ ve read she ’ s part of antifa ! ? ? ? ? !
0	she is really putting one the act she ha been in a hotel and have money to eat and also go to museum and her home is ok
1	no . but i am . you are hilarious . not in a good way .
1	same i just want to win so i can finally have a good pc and shit post in full body in vrc
1	you don ’ t get it it all . woman don ’ t like to come forward because of men like you . when they finally do come forward men like you either slut shame them or call them liar . men like you are shy a lot of victim remain silent .
0	trying to smoke out follower that are also antifa ? # shrewd .
1	liberal have had 2 year to play this game .. an extra week doesn ’ t matter . everyone wa well aware who the likely nominee were . kavanaugh ha been a top name for many year .. liberal have always had him a a target
0	he must see a lot of himself in them .
0	impulsive reaction . '' she is not looking at the gun , and her head is bowed low , mane a mess . `` what happens now ? '' ''
0	“ ha been the inspiration for the rise of violent fascism in america ? ” he hasn ’ t really endorsed or been a advocate of antifa though .
0	i believe all of this stuff is to bring in gun control . gun control = disarming america .
0	back then antifa wa called the kkk . they were a known muscle of the democratic party url
0	they are conservative to be put on the supreme court that don ’ t have all of these blemish on their record these question of their character there are better candidate . they need to find one . this one is the potus pic because he think the potus should be above the law
0	my d better now ! prescott booty meat smh
1	suck
1	gorgeous ! and those tit are killer !
1	democrat continually prove how crazy they are ... url
0	yea he is he said he would if tua wa healthy
0	# wednesdaymotivation they should teach the type of government for anyone who run for public office . most # liberal want to give an illusion that we have a # democracy while they keep the power hidden . conservative enjoy # representative government but like to take control .
1	i do n't entertain shit .
1	listened '' . they do n't give a shit about what the fan think . all they 're doing is counting their fox money . ''
0	antifa also open window to let some fresh air in too !
0	most definitely . i ’ m not advocating playing either game . just thinking aloud they might play earlier .
0	& amp ; this statement by jewish antifa berlin is so on point & lt ; 3 url
0	she is a private url
0	usa antifa are connecting with the philippine 's cpp-npa and vice versa . president duterte should be informed about this !
1	you really have to let it go . he 's going to get confirmed . you can continue to kill baby and gun violence will continue despite gun control .
0	you are amazing and talented and i hope you have an amazing night
0	rethink ... stop censoring conservative ...
0	sure hope he remembers the libs effort to shaft him after he is confirmed .
1	damn he fell victim to a little thing called tos much like the one on his own site url url
0	you forgot antifa
0	followed all ! please follow back ! # maga # kag # redwaverising # confirmkavanaugh # walkaway # follo4follo # trumptrain
1	ouch !
0	hyperbole ? libel ? shit fact checking ? must be ...... antifa !
0	look like antifa
0	the real reason they want gun control .
0	'think she is one of the demoncrats . hard to imagine that a sane ( or living ) person would vote for her .
0	just a reminder to mark your calendar to vote in november if you want # potus45 to have any chance of # maga # trump2020 url
1	bitchc im uwuing
0	and donald trump will never be president
1	have you ever seen antifa burning college campus and trashing them any time a conservative come to speak ? educate yourself please !
1	omg ! what a disaster that would be ! ! she is the most incompetent person
1	you said it . they 're trying to prove that cheepika is goddess and everyone else ha nothing to offer . it tell everything about how insecure they are a fan . now their target is alia because they know how good she is . alia being so good is threat to their so called goddess .
0	wow . that 's still tall for an 11-year-old . my son is in the 91st percentile for height at 13yo -- - he is exactly 5 ' 8 but wear a size 8.5 shoe . ''
0	remember . people who make up story do n't ask the fbi to investigate those story . # kag # maga # kavanaughaccuser
0	all liberal should cross the floor and leave trudeau all alone to implode ! guy is leading our country into financial disaster !
1	got your as lmao
0	everybody 's doin it ... # maga
1	he will blame it on the fact that he is hispanic of course .
0	sorry that meme is way backward but there is some good vids of antifa meeting a vet on the street url
0	i am happy to say i reported each video 20 time . i 'm so glad they were taken down . you are an amazing youtuber and to have your content stolen is such a large insult to you a a content creator it mind blowing . it wa an honor to help such an amazing person !
0	he is contacting his follower
0	there ’ s definitely a feedback loop which is now even warping perception within the movement . labour faction often hate each other more than the conservative
0	glorita you are the most !
0	there she is nibbling in her lower lip and looking upwards at him . “ don ’ t leave me stevie. ” honestly she didn ’ t know what to do without him .
0	look like and liberal have already found him guilty like usual before anything ha started . she is apart of the resistance and me-too movement . they have pic of her at march with her pink hat . how much wa she payed to play her part ?
0	my guess a lot of unflattering fact will come out about dr ford in day to come . a a father of a daughter ... if some one roughed her up to the point she is claiming at 15 ... she could not have hid her emotional state from her parent .
1	you know what wasn ’ t in his apartment after ? him . and that ’ s the fucking problem .
1	conservative are whining '' . there , i fixed the typo for you . ''
0	character assassination are a survival technique for liberal
0	ahhhhhhh yes ! ! ! ! it 's amish brother and antifa warrior jaquonadiah . thank you for clearing that up
0	a tear is made of 1 % water and 99 % feeling .
1	we do ! that ’ s why donald trump is in office ! all the democrat and a good portion of republican are the shadow government ! you are complicit in this ! you are a globalist ( international communist ) !
1	matthew - you are a lefty genius . go live in syria , assad is a much nicer '' guy than trump . u will like it there . lot of `` human right '' no racism , no sexism . tell u how u get on .
0	markey issued a tweet then back to his nap . she can not think or react on the fly . she is a poor leader . no word from baker yet .
1	is the brainchild of - he is playing dirty against and jen is using her ill gotten money against mailer linking nixon to anti-semitism wa approved by top cuomo aide url
1	understand the meaning of america by reading creating the declaration of independence by and share your knowledge of the american creed with your fellow citizen . url # maga # kag
1	somebody do something ! ! ! this show suck anymore ! ! the set designer are good though ! # firemalyoung
0	thats a good thing ... let just hope your gal frend ha a lawyer coz she is about to do some make over for yoll . url
0	oooohohohohohoh you are in for a wild ride !
1	who care what a union leader ha to say big kate ? do u fawningly report lefty concern because u and the left promoting cbc r doing the trudeau liberal bidding again.u r a cbc liberal party shameful .
0	remember the liberal '' fought for our freedom the conservative sided with the british. ! ! ''
0	because she knew how to add up the million in donation received for access ?
0	huh ! the pot grows a council grows ... in this case it is a reduction ... and that amount $ 25m is going right back to the city for police gun control ... already announced !
0	climate always change . it ’ s the climate fraud with their wealth redistribution scheme that is new .
1	brennan sure a hell is .
0	* sigh * you are not an intelligent person . i am highlighting the variance in the use of far-right '' and `` far-left '' . that is all i am doing . anything else you now fail to understand is your own fault . ''
1	that 's just depressing . good church are getting hard to find . few and far between . i know people who belong to church that espouse gun control and abortion ! that 's politics - not god ! not christ !
0	hope she come back home safe may god protect her whr ever she is
0	but that interferes with antifa ’ s goal ! because they want to be feared ?
0	ask kerry about benghazi ... it a subject he lie with much more authority on .
0	the truth will finally get out to congress and the american people ! that the dems are trying to take out a duly elected president . they 're running scared . # schiffhead # maga
1	i 'll go to the original argument that people should n't blanket everyone together . terrorist = all muslim alt-right = all conservative both of these are equally dumb . requiring specific group to denounce their fringe mean that the general populace ca n't differentiate .
0	he should face a jury instead of the pope ! ! !
0	i know you guy are scared of antifa
0	a you are looking out for me i see your logo i am hoping you will get off the robot & amp ; are u sensitive to what ha happened to me in the middle of the night my car taken while sleeping in it a tow truck removed it to empoundment i know not where late payment '' what ? not true . url
0	why not move south ? why is it always a lilly white northern country liberal want to move to ? could it be racism ?
0	don ’ t
0	it ’ s not bizarre . it ’ s smart business . he is gon na get paid by someone next year and is saving his body in the process . yes connor did well . but it ’ s because the brown didn ’ t gameplan for him like they would bell
1	you defending sex offender show you for who you are . i do n't waste my time with your type
0	what ?
1	come on texas i know your not ready to hand over your gun to liberal !
1	you are that mean as cousin we all hate lol
0	and obama didn ’ t .... not to you because you agreed with him .....
0	1 ) this argument that 'boyhood ' doe not deserve scrutiny only seems to apply to white boy & amp ; men of high socioeconomic status . kavanaugh should be judged for who he is today , influential political voice , mostly conservative , argue , not what he supposedly did in high school . '' ''
1	can we all stop pretending that the catholic church is not the seat of satan on earth ?
0	and ... what ?
1	swear nigga make me wan na turn this phone off
0	and you ? do you knowwhat antifa stand signifies ?
1	so we should be denouncing democrat & amp ; their antifa thug ? done & amp ; done ! ! !
0	isn ’ t it time for the bbc to be asking some probing question of the leader of the scottish conservative .. it ’ s in the public interest
0	and trending is the comment “ can we start with rosie ”
1	i really thought so . he is the god of rap . how do you come back from that
1	he orchestrated/provoked it so that he could cry that he wa the victim of a yet another conspiracy ... he ’ s such desperate weirdo .
0	maybe he is just light in his loafer
0	poor joe he is in bad need of some attention so he attack the president and his supporter . he said job a 3 letter word wa the key to prosperity . guess who delivered those ?
0	ha announced he is releasing # fisa url
0	that is because she is a good christian and her husband attacker are misguided .
0	“ hiding behind your camera ” a the # antifa punk hide behind his scarf . lol
0	you are alienating your supporter # disgusted url
0	you 're part of the problem ! no more regressive liberal . # draintheswamp url
0	pre-existing clause is still there . that ’ s the one good thing about aca . the only one i hear talking about taking it away is the liberal . it ’ s a scare tactic imo .
0	and you are sure she is lying ?
1	1.boris johnson doe n't care about family . forced abortion of his child by mistress . daughter say he is a selfish bastard . betrayed and divorced 2 woman . # r4today
0	if you are displaced it on facebook watch ... * disclaimer * - facebook watch kinda suck .
1	that is just awful ! he never wa much anyway ! a grown man acting like that ; a bully ! best to you and hubby mark ! maga
1	did he miss his head ? this is a total lack of gun control
0	you are clearly not a pokemon master ! i have almost 400 in rare candy alone . over 150 legacy moveset pokemon . it just all depends on what you like to keep a collection piece and what you value in the game .
0	different story now he ’ s attacking liberal isn ’ t it ... he ’ s been doing this this since # killgough wasn ’ t an issue back then tho ( apparently ) # auspol
1	lisa page confirmed the russia story wa passed to the msm a a distraction for gullible liberal to push a a narrative to hinder our duly elected president ’ s success in office .
0	some reading for # maga- time to wake up folk url
0	thyats what happens when conservative '' run the show . they are more interested in not requiring regulation that could prevent these thing than in doing whats right for the community . short term profit are their be all and end all . ''
0	it 's not just conservative . centrist are discouraged with his approach to dealing with trump . usa is our biggest friend protector and trade partner . open the market consumer here will benefit
0	hmmm . wa nfl on tv today ? didn ’ t even search . watched tennis & amp ; baseball . not one of them kneeled ! won ’ t be watching next week either .
1	ur fucken fake . i ’ m a fucken prize .
0	migration advisory committee say immigration ha had no impact on infrastructure or service . so could it be cut instead ?
0	she is such a £ucking liar ! you turned on the light and did not notice it wa not your apartment ? you had to go look at the number ? wtf is she on ?
1	well that 's why bb win super it 's and you are an overhyped medium mouth piece imbecild
0	... i happen to know of your wayward conversation with patricia hewitt and hooking back up with the very same liberal you are who sold u out to this . go on . tell me how your continued complicity is n't part of this . you have stoked this too . disgusting .
1	you are a communist state controlled newspaper . very much like # antifa would love to see . and your country executes people who dissent with your support . enough said . get off my twitter stream
0	it 's hard to believe you are 39. i remember you a the cute first daughter '' in the white house . i voted for your dad twice . you have been a true force for good . thank you . ''
1	democrat cut funding . cia go around it . that 's how it 's done . conservative '' who play by the rule will get fucked up , every time . url
0	do you got a magnify glass ?
1	sorry you ’ re a socialist ! ! i contributed to ted cruz ! ! sick of liberal
0	let ’ s keep the same energy when talking about gun control after a mass shooting
1	so what ur saying is that it is in fact chicken shit and you are eating chicken shit url
1	i do n't know how they said they are n't gay tho . '' and `` and by liberal you mean conservative . '' sound like me being upset . a for why it matter , if it doe n't matter then why go to such length to deny that they 're gay ? there 's straight couple , why not just let them be gay ? ''
1	you 're a fucking idiot
1	# maxinewaters : # trump ‘ ha displayed the most despicable behavior that any human being could do ’ url # maga
0	# victoriasecrets being political ? omg ... give it up . you are killing half your profit when you slur conservative . # kag url
0	i think the fbi should do the original interview . they scare people more than feckless congress that will have to handle her with kid glove or be demonized in medium and left . put her under oath and attempt to get the truth . she will be protected by liberal in congress
0	look at chicago washington dc and other area with the strictest gun control law and tell me that the people that are not able to arm themselves are safe . i 'll wait .
0	omg he is so extra ily
1	so we should believe this from 40 year ago when the man went to an all boy school . this wa a way to try and stop the confirmation and blew up in face . she is a corrupt po ! ! !
0	# trumpderangementsyndrome case number 3837252 wow # liberal got it bad about the same a the # msm
1	i love my penis and want to keep it . would rather smoke a joint .
0	well then ... let 's kick the tire and light the fire ! # maga # wwg1wga # kag # liberalismisamentaldisorder url
1	i lost my shit and everyone in class is judging me lmao .
0	good for you jimmy ... your one pare will offset the 50 % plunge their market share are about to take
0	no . he is actually bald
0	im ready for this yaaas
0	not progressive at all article ii , section 1 of the constitution 1790 say he is a citizen and 44 year a a resident of texas say he can say y'all '' ''
1	i ’ m a sick fuck i like to quick fuck
1	# libdemconf show me that are absolutely void of constructive idea for the myriad problem the uk face , and begging and moderate '' is n't the answer . thatcher wa right , the parrot is dead . ''
0	# politicslive decision to go into bed with the in the coalition will be his down fall for year to come .
0	correction : the liberal won a false-majority on the back of a lot of close race – emphasis on “ false. ” # electoralreform
1	can we all agree to pray for big dumb mike to keel over of a heart attack . he look ripe .
1	she went to my high school . dumb liberal are prevalent in my area
0	url even in the spd there is the believe , the antifa ha a legitimate reason '' ''
1	because he is a traitor
1	20 crazy thing liberal blame trump for url via unhinged blame everything on our president .
0	hey the valley guy - thanks for the comment - your right on the mark - just hope the liberal & amp ; get serious about reversing global warming & amp ; climate change - get with the real issue of saving our planet & amp ; life itself - note
0	you are so sweeti hope you feel better soon !
0	you realize he wa referring to assault weapon '' . good to know . you are begging to have le right b/c you are convinced that life in the usa is too scary with all these darn freedom mexico ha stringent gun control go there & amp ; see the utopia your authoritarianism ha wrought ''
1	you are a bad as ! keep fighting for u
0	: ) see she is the sweetest ! url
0	so wa the irs targeting of conservative ... obama sure set the mark for low deed ..
1	3/ you simply gloss right over the silly emotional female , and her nothing problem . then you delete this a you realize how horrible it is , ( or perhaps someone told you ) , but somehow it is the fault of the liberal , '' who might misinterpret what you wrote in plain english . ''
0	it 's hard to kill a killer . ya know ? read the book . url
1	yeah . gun control act of 1968 also us a lot of innuendo for black people and ghetto in it text .
0	what williams d wa take away the attn from a tennis player who won & amp ; should have been in spotlight & amp ; not williams .
1	# maga people are very low iq . gdp growth '' mean literally nothing . in no way doe this translate to higher income for white familes or individual . all that billion go to company or government . and what job did he create ? labour which pay le than living wage lmao ? url
0	what an incredibly odd little man he is .
0	constitutional republic micheal . this is not greece 2000 year ago .
0	she is being realistic tho url
0	2bn is notong term that shud b annually .
0	well now he is cut !
0	# bigbosstamil look like janani ha figured out she is not going to win but just focusing on ending the game with dignity and finesse . she seems too resigned and not much enthusiasm in anything . doe anyone feel that way ?
0	much suckage if bad . and it don ’ t look good .
1	liberal make america sicker
0	and he wa right
1	popular side doesn ’ t equal winning side . fact are that private school do a much better job educating student than public school . public school teacher get unfair perk that they don ’ t deserve . it ’ s unfair to private school teacher .
0	eric ur no jeff session ! !
1	john kerry is a swamp rat nothing more nothing le cnn we all know is the clown news network
0	actually what caused these tragedy is failure of having gun control ! you have got to remember that there are a bunch of people in this country that could do so many thing to harm people .
0	you are a nut
1	fast and furious criminal should be behind bar .
0	haha ! i do n't believe it .
0	doe this guy even read the bible ? url
1	yes he is and the democrat hate it
0	she is sexy without even trying .
1	. your the perfect example of why american despise lying liberal . disgusting
1	'unintentionally ' u fukin pedo .
0	she sound amazing and it 's a bloody disgrace that she is mostly forgotten .
0	can you show me gun control organisation that are exclusively trying to take away gun from black people ? ?
0	so is it time for each of u to tell about wild time we had in high school and college ? ? ? liberal are such jackass . let he who is perfect cast the first stone .... will never be a liberal
0	funny how the conservative did n't like it when one of there 's defected but they sure did n't mind when a liberal defected . where 's there integrity in this ?
0	well you are and we love you
0	democrat control the medium republican bow to it pressure democrat control the power
1	. you want publicity ? try doing a video apologizing to your fan for kissing trump ’ s a $ $ while burning that maga hat . puhlease you were just apologizing to drake & amp ; posting video of your daughter singing the kiki song . so stop it . nobody ’ s buying this album either url
1	innocent people don ’ t resign . we know liberal love sexual predator . that is why you are ok with keith ellison assulting several woman with police report to support it .
0	the problem is corporate baron are spending million against conservative cause . take for instance nike . they plan on spending hundred of thousand against measure 105 in oregon . billionaire are spending million to curb gun right in washington url
0	gritting her teeth , the blonde then broke her shield and feeling pumped the blonde charged after him . give me all you got ! '' she then tossed some of her dart , aiming for his leg and would cause only minor pain . `` show me how tough you are ! '' ''
0	loll he is !
0	# liberal generally don ’ t think the rule apply to them . # hipster sped walked in front of me to get into the 15 item or le line . he had nearly 30. i had to suffer behind his patchouly oil and thing growing out of his beard . his # ebt card wa declined .
1	omg not even interested in his age but damn he is fine af
0	yes he is .
0	loool you are playing waaaay too rough here . i can ’ t stop laughing # thankyou
1	no prison time for you . you 're going to get mccain-ed '' # deathpenalty # treason # pedogate # maga # qanon ''
0	pm me
0	he can shout out to me any time he wish .... # maga thank you sir ! url
0	i ’ ve actually never seen got but i know who he is and i still died
0	yep this is the world the liberal want to live in .
0	she is she blocked me url
0	please do n't confuse liberal '' with `` progressive '' . we are all liberal at heart . we do n't force our belief on others . the same can not be said for lefty progressive . ''
1	. & amp ; student loan refinancing plan would give every single student loan borrower a tax break & amp ; let hundred of thousand of borrower have immediate lower interest rate at 0 net cost to taxpayer . ha 8 year . he did nothing . he is a liar . url
0	seems like a cool guy
0	if gun control worked chicago would be a safe place . it isn ’ t . if national gun control worked mexico would be a safe place . it isn ’ t . don ’ t believe the lye . did alcohol prohibition work ? no . did drug prohibition work ? no . will gun prohibition work ? no .
1	antifa . yeah it 's a fringe organization . just like those waste of humanity i grew up around . most of em ended up meth head and junkees . some are republican alt-right activist . i guess we 're all a product of our environment .
0	why are you the way that you are
0	she is a hot one
0	keep texas red # cruz we are the maga campaign
0	so why are we focused on getting illegal immigrant out of the country more than we are worried about fixing the loophole in gun control ?
0	antifa .... that 's who . it work both way ... be careful .
0	do n't get the right vibe yet it feel like too few are in uproar '' it 's because too few are affected a yet . wait untill 6million+ inc those in full time work but claiming hb or tax credit are subject to uc 's owellian total controll . will be armageddon that sink
0	have a bacon double cheeseburger ... or ten
0	did they think it wa going to get better
0	so the whole republican for gun control '' nonsense can finally be laid to rest ? ''
0	like antifa hiding their face ?
1	i remember how much we were making fun of conservative in the 90 for thinking that puppet were gay ... now people are upset because they 're not gay ... pb need to put on a documentary teaching people how puppet are made ...
0	=a good speaker good listener # maga
0	why did n't she save her grandfather in puerto rico if she had that kind of cash ? bc she is socialist .
0	by screaming and attacking the judge ? sure .
0	i am the antifa super soldier
1	farrakhan ha refered to white people a blue eyed devil . will not even repeat what he ha said about jew . he is anti-semitic .
1	it doe which suck but honestly at least i can mute all the instance full of weirdo and just scope fed/local it 's a treat
1	wa literally just talking about this lol all mass shooting like that have been set ups . it ’ s propaganda used to divide u on major issue like gun control and terrorism
0	so wait . conservative are cry about needing their safe space '' all of the sudden . how liberal elite college of them . ''
1	i do n't like him bc he is an anti-semitic and a muslim and a racist . any other question ?
1	this smell like another funding of george soros . follow the money trail . that woman most likely never knew judge kavanaugh . liberal are running scared because the judge ha conservative christian value . the man ha an impeccable portfolio . finestine ’ s a dirty politician
0	we already established that in the war you are still living . thats why it isnt happening again
1	i do not know who these po nazi liberal are & amp ; do n't care to know . everyone of the hollywood elite can & amp ; prob will go to he ! ! .
1	what a crap she is ? ....... total publicity seeker . since when tearing apart the bhagwad gita is symbol of changing india and why bhagwad gita ......... if u have gut show here tearing apart kuran and bible too # intellectualidiot
0	followed all patriot and retweeted
0	he would say that .... he ’ s running scared ! ! and so he should be !
0	two year to hand her homework in ...... and it still last minute and unprepared . party of business cant even cobble a contract proposal together in 24 month . would never survive in a real world business .
0	look at that face ? would someone please tell me why it seems soooo many liberal look sooo pissed off all the time are they constipated ? mix in some fiber !
0	is beto pro-2a or is he for gun control ? where doe he stand ?
0	he wa almost shot and that make him an expert .
0	he is the gawdfather of # fuxnews url
1	croatian president 's bikini photo world hottest president ever url
0	cool !
1	another fucking pittsburgh nazi . philly antifa is naming name and it ’ s glorious . url
0	i love you honey i hope you are okay take your time and take care of yourself
0	yeah . well you do n't deserve to be free ! funny how this started on slave and ended up on you wanting to be one ! be sure and thank the dems for creating the kkk and antifa ! their contribution to the fabric of american politics .
0	why are you buying into the global '' crap ? that is a very `` liberal '' position and exactly what is killing canada right now . please lose this if you truly want your party to succeed . do n't use the cliche & amp ; catch phrase that the liberal use-it make you look like liberal wannabe . ''
0	i wa 15 == & gt ; i can remember everything time place witness i told and who drove me home i wa glad i wa still alive . too many woman out here know the truth so who are the dems running this scam for ? their gruber brained antifa crowd ? naw who then ?
0	that 's right and do n't you forget it . maga .
1	he is a malignant narcissist .
1	dishonored zone where you have to balance on dangerously high edge in a shitty ghetto overrun with rat and bloodflies
0	this woman is going to be so rich .. she is already a hero to half the country and 90 % of the medium and acedemia because she might stop trump from giving the court a conservative majority .
0	he is so cute
0	all conservative are bad people
1	that ’ s a people chicago hell gun control work in their town
1	you do n't put this much thought into antifa goon ripping downtown seattle apart every holiday
0	amazing what a good leader can do ...... wising up ontario ..... doe a lot for your image ..... instead of being .... losing liberal
1	republican platform -take away healthcare -harm the environment -take away child -take away woman ’ s right -do not believe in rule of law -voter suppression -gerrymandering -take away social security -no limit to gun control -explodes the budget # voteblue2018
1	i ’ m sorry dana that you have to hear from such sick mental patient liberal ! they are so pathetic ! i support you 100 percent
0	sure , because they are being exposed for their filth & amp ; constant coverups of abuse ! why do a vow of celibacy & amp ; purity ? '' maybe , it just a giant sleaze fest at the vatican & amp ; elsewhere . just join the priesthood if your a pedo , so you can have permission to abuse ? ? # truthjustice ''
0	why do all you liberal insist on trying to control everyone in america ? why do you insist those of u that work hard for our money have to give it to people who do n't ? why do all you liberal millionaire keep your million while forcing me to give away every dime i make ?
1	da fuck is going on people ? there 's the men 's room and the woman 's room pick one and stick w it
0	where is joseph # mifsud ? dems don ’ t want to find him . he is the key .
0	guy you are always present ... bet why ? lol
0	yeah because godless liberal hate truth an fact
0	holy crap . i did n't realize it wa this bad . thanks for posting this ...
0	he is an awesome dog . almost worth the trip
0	they ’ ll never get enough antifa who even know where the library is ... i think we can relax
0	this pope ha to go .
0	hero and villain . garak is neither . he is : url
1	awesome agree yeah man preach wait ... what did i just read ? oh shit
0	another pile of b/s by the former a-g !
1	my thought and prayer are with the family . random mass shooting , which plague our nation , are not normal and we a a country ca n't allow them to be normalized , '' craley said '' , the truth is these mass shooting are becoming too `` normal '' . gun control would certainly help . ''
0	obvio # sinmaduroyo
1	and the liberal are saying republican are separating this country by color . hypocrite .
0	beto o'rourke vs. ted cruz latest poll : democrat underdog shown with lead for first time in texas senate race - newsweek # maga url
1	gun control ha everything to do with punishing conservative .
0	and i will need to relocate
1	political hit job . what a slap in the face to all the woman that were really abused . you liberal know this is a hit . your leader told you to lie and do whatever you have to do to regain power . pathetic
0	croatian president 's bikini photo world hottest president ever url
0	i better use some tic tacs just in case i start kissing her . you know , i ’ m automatically attracted to beautiful — i just start kissing them . it ’ s like a magnet.just kiss . i don ’ t even wait . and when you ’ re a star , they let you do it . you can do anything . '' ''
1	a whore 's book being published ! all the looney liberal run out and buy it
0	she is coming to italy ! url
0	oh you did not just tag @ jack url
1	he 's been trashing all along even to our ally .
1	rezz is a dumb bitch who will get a rude awakening from bnf in mexico lol url
0	this . is . not . a. trial ... wa exactly my point . she is not obligated to present evidence there that could otherwise be presented more convincingly in a different environment .
0	there isn ’ t one that i know of . url
0	4chan trolling antifa again ?
0	your antifa army are the dreg of society '' . i pay tax . ''
0	hmm ? that ’ s not biblical . you may want to ask god if you are doing it right . i ’ m pretty sure you ’ re supposed to get in that church with all the “ people ” you don ’ t care to be around . it ’ s your persecution .
0	he stolded my diner url
0	a madison resident who ha posted a series of anti-president trump sign outside his or her home is at it again with another negative sign . url
1	do n't even presume to know what liberal feel or think . i am liberal . i am personally opposed to abortion in any but life-and-death circumstance . but i am also personally opposed to imposing my personal feeling about abortion on anyone else . so do u all a favor and stfu .
0	i don ’ t know where you get your fact or if you ’ re making them up but give it up man ! url
1	he is desperately trying to deflect . this is what jordan & amp ; nunes have been wanting . trump doesn ’ t care who he endangers . fck trump
1	gop voter better wake the hell up ! ! ! ! ! # rnc poll find # gop voter are n't worried about midterm . that 's bad url via # maga # tuesdaythoughts
0	wow antifa turning on her too ?
1	indeed her @ is danikaharrod go follow her because she is the cutest and shitposts from tdp sometimes jhdsfhjsg
0	you are welcome ! url
1	fuk this fat cock sucker
1	holy shit that 's awesome
0	i hope you would give your expert advice on the economic matter to the govt . of pakistan even if you are not a member of the economic council . position/posts do n't matter . one can serve the country without any position or post if one really wish to do something for the country
0	you are phinnaly there !
1	great and i ’ m certainly anti fascist but the group antifa is the most fascist and violent group in america in case you hadn ’ t noticed and associated with the largest hate group in america the democratic party
0	good . we don ’ t want your vote . why don ’ t you want to see the corruption ? it shouldn ’ t matter what side you are on ! shame on you !
0	first of all— they don ’ t even have pizza at panera
0	rampant crime ? you mean chicago a dem city that ha the highest gun control of the country ? taking credit for a black man ? everything fell or stagnated with obama . and caging brown family ? clinton bush and obama did it to a far worst extent . and thier illegal so whatever .
0	damn . you are a roll . bring it !
0	it would mean so much of an amazing girl ( could have some advice from you . she is finally following her dream of being a photographer and would love some tip . her photo are amazing already so i know she is gon na be an even more amazing later on
0	20 million dollar from cbs to # metoo can buy a lot of lie from a lot of professional witness with a lot of ax to grind . antifa is fully financed by blm million they collected from obama ’ s justice dept and look at the antiamerican havoc they create . # metoo is warming up .
1	i ’ m alright with this . if someone is dumb enough to try this then they deserve what ever they get . i can ’ t wait to hear about the first antifa idiot to get blown away after they tried to steal a gun from someone in a stand your ground state
1	of course he is . he will be remembered for being the biggest hypocrite in history . they change the rule constantly . # gophypocrites
0	you are welcome to bring a court case to the seychelles
0	video wa worth it
0	i will always be cruising to bray wyatt for you no matter what he is a good man like you and your brother
0	nvm he is dodging u we can play you now
1	is a blight on womanhood . grow up .
0	you are the best president ever
1	exactly . i haven ’ t watched in two year and i refuse to . a a former fan i think jerry jones is a disgrace to the people who have helped make him a rich a he is .
0	ok say le im ready whenever he is
0	i wish your commie as would show up to an antifa rally .
1	what doe juan contribute on fox ? we all know which side of the fence he play on . pretty much know what he is going 2 say . listening 2 him is like watching paint dry . i have better thgs 2 do
1	i 'm glad you think so . i know you could kick his as yourself , but i 'll always have your back . '' he know he is doing his best . `` that 's awful . that you had to live like that . no child should have to experience such thing . '' shitty people like that should not be allowed near+ ''
1	# downwiththedemocrats ! ! ! # democratshateamerica # democratsaredangerous # votedemsout # voteredtosaveamerica from the loco liberal & amp ; tds let all true # conservative & amp ; all who chose to # walkaway prove that # liberalismisamentaldisorder and need to squashed like a bug ! ! ! # votered2018 url
0	i had n't really thought of it since i only really worship the aesir . though lot of people like to use the vanir in argument a example of this or that . modern liberal saying it is race mixing for instance . theologically we do n't recognize much different between tribe though .
0	he said both side had good people on them . why is it bad to say that not everyone who went there were white suprematist and not all the people there were antifa ? that nuance .
1	pope char compare pope francis to the false prophet . bingo ! url
1	fix this shit !
0	double down on rating . bet ncaa love this .
1	ancient homies couldnt have cock cock fighting because that wa literally illegal in athens fjshdhjs
1	he ran and hid after posting an ad about illegal border crossers . a soon a cbc started their shouting racist . it ’ s not racist and instead of standing up for what he belief he bailed . the conservative shouldn ’ t have picked him
1	alert : candace owen wa just attacked by antifa url
1	obviously it antifa who is threatening her to force her to continue the charade
0	i 'll never understand the anti-antifa sentiment . there 's only alternative to being opposed to fascism . fighting against fascist is n't akin to the racist violence of the kkk or to making death threat against a woman who 's come forward regarding her abuse .
1	he is trash himself to do that
0	maybe the trumpies will call for gun control after this .
0	let that sink in liberal url
0	that so many “ thoughtful conservative ” who rushed to kavanaugh ’ s defense didn ’ t consider their own statement re : black teenager tell you everything about how “ thoughtful ” they truly are .
0	alt-right are loser and whiner w/no power . they do n't matter . many right-wing oligarch fund antifa to attack alt-right . russian intel fund both antifa and alt-right . russia hawk are onto something . alt-right are pro-russia .
0	absolutely no ego . jericho could have told vince to f off he is not getting stunned but not only did he do it he sold it a well . all the big guy took it on the chin when they had too that ’ s what made it the good old day
1	oh yeah sure antifa is anti-fascist '' . also , free speech is for everyone : liberal , conservative , centrist , fascist , communist , anarchist , ancaps , etc . i live in the u and not a fascist state that ban what it think is `` hate speech '' . url
1	dint pay any attention to her ... she 's yet to say anything of interest ... meme jerk .
0	never trumper us brain for first time , wake up to the fight # maga community ha been waging for two year . '' ''
0	evil in a white robe
1	creepy joe with roaming hand for little girl is one of the most noncreditable demonrats i have ever seen . he & amp ; jill wo n't talk about all the disgusting pervert action of his just their hate and disapproval for conservative and trump . like hillary just shut up and go away .
1	no . i respect him for sticking up for his wife but let 's not forget that he 's running around screaming maga & amp ; said slavery sound like an option to him . url
0	you are very welcome gordon and shirley xxx
0	i would say you have a serious case of bias . have you seen the handiwork of antifa ? have you seen the dems like maxine water calling for trump official to be harassed then laughing about it . i could go on . are you kidding me ?
0	i feel like he is better chasing the title
1	any texan that would grant automatic citizenship to illegal immigrant should never be elected .
0	it ’ s the only way he can rationalize his world view is to believe anyone using logic against him is a russian bot . liberal don ’ t like logic or having fact to counter their belief and ( in ) tolerant opinion .
0	finally . god bless them . we need more of this advocacy
1	fuck the wall . more american white or black men kill way more than any immigrant . gun control would help way more .
1	i told you to stop eating my booty that day but nooooo
1	she is one of satan 's daughter
1	the album wa boring for me the way his as took forever to make it and it wasn ’ t even close to all that djsjsjjs i could not
1	she will be remembered a the witch that used her genitalia to make a false claim against a good man b/c she is a die-hard democrat that hate republican so much . she is willing to ruin a good man name all in the name of power . democrat are cry wolf way too many .
0	fake news .
1	i know many too ! ! ! we liberal just do n't feel the need to dance around waving them like the maga idiot .
0	is this # occupy romper room ?
1	the pope is satan incarnate
0	yes and she is the biggest joke in bb history .
1	im not apart of antifa foxy . i agree with you they are terrorsits
1	he is an evil godless man .
0	have you come across the wonderful she is also doing great thing for inclusion .
0	this sum up what 's happening across the pond . it is what the # msm hide in america . # metoo # maga # kag2018
0	boycott the anti american nfl . football ai n't all that anyway .
1	you ignored my question , which is crucial to the argument . once sensible '' gun control is imposed and another shooting occurs , do you truly believe they will not push for further restriction ? ''
0	school misconduct allegation ? that sound like he wa chewing gum in class . i think he is being accused of much more than “ misconduct ”
0	# windrush victim and campaigner sarah o'connor dy aged 57. so sad - made this woman 's live a misery ! tory # hostileenvironment url
1	bakkt is doing what an etf would have done ... they are just not calling it an etf . fuken cuuuuuks
1	i bet she ` s had more prick ` s than a second-hand pincushion ! # maga
1	bitch i fucking felt that shit
0	thank you president trump ! all of america is benefiting for today ' economy too ! and most importantly ? president trump get all the credit ! = # maga url
0	apparently they did n't learn from gun control .
0	-who care what thiswacko doe ! not news ! !
0	so tired of the spicy i know the far right includes literal murderer and far right terrorism is on the rise , but antifa are just a bad because i think they broke a window once . '' ''
0	he should have tried that on obama after he gpsent million to iran which ha been traced to terrorist ! unbelievable
0	paul george
0	this kind of meme just drive me further away from the conservative . my mother and father are rolling in their proverbial ... you know . they would be disappointed in the lowness of it all .
0	my feeling exactly . i wa watching a video of an antifa rally '' . they were fighting with and cursing at the police . at one point they began fighting with counterprotesters and one wa injured . his cohort immediately began screaming for someone to call 911 . really ? ''
0	i have . it horse dung . she ca n't remember when and where . it come out at the last second . her parent lost a foreclosure case where his mom wa the judge she is a hardcore anti trump liberal the # metoo is turning into blm antifa and there is 0 due process
0	calling out the # islamophobic party of britain to take # islamophobia seriously . must investigate the like of
0	i love the insight into a culture and a world i knew nothing about and i 'm able to relate to the character who are unique in crime fiction .
0	freudian slip .
0	it 's all you need to complete your antifa look .
0	lol ! you are correct ; )
0	# voterepublican # arm # americanredmidterms we ca n't let the democrat take back the tax cut and the reform that have put more money in so many pocket . # conservative # independent # undecided # walkaway # ljmaga # goredstatebystate url
1	horrible .
1	any critique of bernie ’ s objectively horrible record on gun control is met with “ he ’ s from a rural state ” or “ he ha a d- from the nra ” a if i give a fuck why his record is horrible . and then there ’ s this stupid shit : url
1	jeff i have a lot of respect for you . please vote no to brett - not because you don ’ t like him but because it ’ s the right thing to do . he ha lied - he is hiding document - he think trump is above the law . this is wrong ! ! !
0	true to curtin !
0	he ’ s by far sc ’ s best option . i don ’ t want anyone else to start . it ’ s just the reality of who he is .
1	the more this woman talk the more stupid she becomes . # termlimits # liberal
0	it 's ok that you are confused . paul guenther is a proven dc and play caller . we are rebuilding and trying to remain competitive at the same time . we will have steady improvement
0	i absolutely agree ! ! i have tried rallying people on twitter . asking them to follow each other . strength in number . i vote . i work the poll for early election and election day . i speak with liberal . i forwarded maxine walter rant to the secret service .
0	omfg you are so right
0	maybe she is just supporting a pill that abort all computer email . seems to have worked for her pretty well . coming to store soon the bleachbit pill . if you buy now they will include a free sledge hammer a well .
0	following all # maga patriot please follow back # lionsden # maga2kag
0	the daily vitriol and hatred spewed by scheming liberal is meant to incite precisely this type of lunacy .
1	the epitome of class . a big fat class .
0	ivanka speaking about empowering woman is embarrassing . she wa given everything on a silver platter by her father and is one of the least empowered woman in america . she is fully dependent on her father . she preferred cheap labor and disempowered woman to make her product .
0	he is always the victim .. same song and dance ..
0	nope he is called shazam too
1	tea . i wa mad when i saw that shit .
0	# metoo movement only applies to leftist liberal and inner circle democrat . others need not apply .
0	please confirm kavanagh asap ! he is a fine choice ! do n't let the liberal derail his nomination to the scotus !
1	one could say that she is the one coward . she could probably end this charade but continues to sabotage our country with her silence . plus she ’ s a sad over facelifted former soft porn model .
0	understood , sir ! like on the morn of 11/08/16 , nation hunkered down 2 cont . 2 help # maga , in ur god given stable genius wrds : till the bitter end '' ... god speed tziyon , shalom ! con musica , lucho , latin jazz voc. & amp ; comp . ''
1	many arrest have taken place . socialist medium not covering of course . the coming arrest will make socialist head explode . wwg1wga ! maga ! drain the swamp ! build the wall !
0	hope you are having a great day honey . ca n't wait to talk to you i love you
0	i always have eddie pick flower out for me and tell the cashier that he is getting them for me . lol
1	that is n't at all plausible . tory and labour have access to that building . more tory have a problem with her than labour and there are more tory . it could have been a leftist '' but there are more tory suspect . you are pretty abusive for someone arguing the left are abusive ''
0	so much respect for that man wherever he is .
1	he is a pedophile and a criminal ! he deserves to be fired ! ! ! !
0	all of them ! url
0	i think u are right ... she is in deed wearing the same jersey
0	“ it ’ s the people that shouldn ’ t have them that ’ s the problem ” exactly ! ! that ’ s gun control ! keeping them out of the hand of those who shouldn ’ t have them .
1	what part of no collusion do n't you get ? ? ? this is why you are a dumocrat
0	absolutely .
1	a dying sport
0	this describes bill clinton perfectly . and yet ? cricket from liberal . # clintoncrimefamily
1	he is what the industry stand for . all about spreadsheet and no care for the human side .
1	all you want is gun control while you let corporation rip u american off you don ’ t stand up against cop assassinating unarmed black american cop are enemy of american that ’ s why their against because they want to kill black in america thanks
0	he is a biased liberal like most medium type they still do n't realize people have tuned them out long ago . they wo n't talk about 15 yr of lieberal scandals/rising debt but reducing 22 council job will make them mad !
1	come on texan ! this man can not replace ever ! # maga2018
1	i think the pope and some others should be prosecuted for covering up and protecting child rapist !
1	what the fuck is wrong with you ?
0	totally fair . but the time it 's happened to serena in very important grand slam match at the same slam . i get why shed be emotional . we 're not in her shoe . every match she is expected to win and it 's clear she 's not handling her nerve well anymore in these match .
0	this ha already been rejected a you well know . this is another time wasting exercise
0	he obviously doesn ’ t care .
0	she can never said no to prove to her fan and gram she is working hard .
0	look at the smile # maga # qanon # trump # wwg1wga # qarmy # qalert # magaforallinc # teamtrump url
0	and # joebiden call christian 's and conservative # dregsofsociety what about # antifa # crazyunclejoe url
1	. hostile environment against the poorest and most vulnerable in our society just keep on rolling . so much for # christianmorals eh ? if you voted for this shit then hang your head in shame . # jc4pmnow # poverty # disabilityrights url
1	i never watch the nfl ! ! ! ’ panther suck by the way ! ! !
1	you didn ’ t read the whole thing most white mass shooter aren ’ t even considered terrorism because there ’ s no “ political ” agenda to their murder like dylan roof
0	considering puerto rico did n't have electricity on 70 % of the island before the hurricane .... im wondering who left her brain on the tarmac in the sun for a year ? probably trump or baron i assume .
1	your disrespect for those that make real sacrifice to defend our freedom is appalling . is a punk .
0	his gun control skill need work he missed by about a foot and a half .
1	this jag off ref tony corrente need to get out of the nfl . he is a bias piece of garbage . he made a horrible bad call in packer game which changed the game . he is a liar and won ’ t admit when he ’ s wrong ! nfl please fire tony corrente
0	she is perfect ! ! love you both !
1	i blame for inciting violence and she should be held accountable ! she is a despicable disgrace .
0	antifa professor speaking : url
0	. thank you for signing # sb100 and for your leadership at the climate summit . please also sign the gun control legislation on your desk . this is another area where california should lead the nation .
1	hey # sickholder were you the dirty filthy greasy cheesy negarrrr who wa in contempt of congress ? do n't open your mouth it 's extremely stink .
0	thank you . good to see we are trying this approach in addition to others . too often this issue is used a an excuse to tax . please can you report update when they become known ? thanks .
0	how about a a republic ?
0	harrison ford is not using renewable energy to power his home . he is using the same power plant the rest of the neighborhood is using . and that power plant is releasing toxin up into the air .
1	just saw a group of freshman wearing maga bucket hat i hate this school
1	wow ! you 're exactly like antifa ! you say you 're against radical influence but you are the most radical of all ! de-platforming anyone that disagrees with you ? did you pull that one straight out of hitler 's playbook ? can you get any more nazi fascist ? look behind you ! it 's karma !
1	k. dog shit .
0	then why is it always recommending he watch conservative ?
0	... [ bring ] our railway back into public ownership , a franchise expire or , in other case , with franchise review or break clause . we will introduce a public ownership of the railway bill to repeal the railway act 1993 under which the conservative privatised our railway . '' ''
0	we play at connie ’ s on sat woo
0	im only there for the meltdown url
0	you are exposing u url
1	wow jr. you are not very bright are you . url
1	b made up by a lying liberal .. a cheap filthy whore , whose lie help to undermine real woman who are sexually assaulted . but with trashy liberal who care ? '' right ? a long a the end can justify the mean ? trashy libs tried same thing with judge thomas . democrat are sick . ''
0	ca n't do that . blm and antifa moron will start looting
0	he can admit that 3000 american died on his watch . you should remind him he is president of all of u .
0	this is stalker level crazy . i have n't read anything she ha posted where she is claiming to be the person in the avi . she did however tell you who wa in the avi . also your @ & amp ; tag is the name of a woman who 's been dead since 2003. url
0	ugh love you gamecock stay safe and come home to u soon
0	that is funny ... thats exactly how i describe him . # notmypope
1	thats silly when the 90 cartoon made him popular a fuck
0	same kamau bell who spoke to antifa and helped incite them to riot a year ago ?
0	cant wait for 2020 ! ! .. url
0	yes , read it again . they use a term for a broad group ( leftist '' `` feminist '' `` theist '' whatever else ) then , in many case , focus on a particular extreme subset of that group ( antifa , a subset of 3rd wave feminism , yecs ) without distinguishing the fact it is a subset . ''
0	everyone ha to vote red so we do n't lose the house in the midterm if we lose the house it 's all over ! ! ! ! the maga movement will be finished ! ! ! ! make sure everyone you know is registered to vote red ! ! ! ! get out and vote red ! ! ! ! maga ! ! ! ! kag ! ! ! ! # walkawayfromdemocrats url
0	just like the gun control poster child david hogge . you do n't hear from him anymore . one and done
0	# mdzs2018 day 15 character deserves more love : wen ning she is a beautiful and innocent person deserves all the love of the world her personality is very adorable give me the need to protect him to adopt . url
0	she is a role model adam you are not !
0	calling all conservative get out and vote for cruz ! ! ! ! maga ! !
0	# humanrights these nun buy stock in gun company to fight for gun safety url via
0	you are agent of # crypt # agentofchaurch . so don ’ t speak on temple .
1	your pappy is a big fat fool the democrat doesn ’ t have to make him look bad he make himself look just what he is an ignorant 5th level fool
0	deplorable is an understatement he is just a his supporter are .... i do n't even have a word .. it 's just time to end this to end it .. impeach imprison execute what even the harshest penalty imaginable that animal deserves it
0	you are hand down the best principal ever & lt ; 3 stay safe during this hurricane ! ily
0	imbibing at f75 if you are around . love to have a cocktail with you before i head back to denver tomorrow morn .
1	i find it very offensive that you know what black people feel ! ! a a black not african because i wa born in america want recognition then build your own stuff ! ! ! it 's the same with conservative that cry about censorship if you do n't like the rule build your own house . url
0	actually she wa having a tantrum .
0	brexit & amp ; conservative a well that
0	# projectreality ha just upped in pace . f business '' in favour of the 1 % of tax-dodgers cheer on a manufacturing get ready to # exitfrombrexit through relocation time to # endthechaos & amp ; # stopbrexit time for a # finalsay via a # peoplesvote url
0	maybe she never believed in it . maybe she just used & amp ; fooled too many in the west who were too desperate looking for a beacon '' for their own calculative agenda . and all the while , she bided her time and calculated ... until she got to where she is now , and so her true colour . ''
0	for a president that is so unqualified `` , donald j trump most certainly is successful ! you can dislike the man , but you can not deny his achievement ! ''
0	you are not alone . i wa sexually assaulted by a fellow law student in 1978. i never reported it because i did n't think i would be believed . however something happened that made me realize i wa n't his only victim . then i felt i 'd made a colossal mistake .
0	i get what you are saying brent . but auburn had just lost the sec championship game . you know bowl game are a lot of which team actually want to be there
0	i understand how regulation work . do you understand government can ’ t control everything . do you understand most of those regulation stopped business growth . trump isn ’ t politically correct i get that . but he is doing what ’ s right for america .
1	she is one ugly and dumb woman !
1	any gun control is unconstitutional and you leftist fake news traitor keep lying to the people that 's why your enemy of the people
0	yeah most antifa are american and still they advocate for an ideology that will destroy our great country . that make them traitor and should be treated a such .
0	killary still lost !
0	you ’ re welcome ! yo ! and i were holding up a casual tournament watching you . good shit !
1	because he is right the governor of puerto rico is a fraud
1	feel sorry for the voter no good choice
1	dumb kid
0	not to mention they ’ re the one who allegedly defend freedom and liberty but use the nsl/mccarthyism to silence dissent and almost sent paratrooper to quash the candlelight revolution . conservative = hate democracy .
1	chance got ‘ s mario cart penis confused with one of the few thousand she ’ s had since then . can you remember what a specific slice of pizza you at 15 year ago look like ? dems like ancient memory based accusation # confirmkavanaughnow # maga
0	accuser actually need to be investigated . it ’ s interesting she whiped all her social medium account . wa she an antifa member ?
0	1. killshot 2. gun control 3. rap devil
1	on reflection if you meant 12.47 am you are indeed fucked
0	i can ’ t believe how close you got ... i am thankful you are ok !
0	i feel a guy we rush into something because of how a girl look . without really knowing how she is . and once having her . knowing her for who she is and realizing you dont want that without thinking of the implication or damage it can do to the girl mind .
0	you are too kind . thanks deb !
0	ha two vote in our home ! west texas is stoked about him ! he is inspiring ! he can do this !
0	doubtful . he 's one of the least hateful people on this planet ! ! maybe you 're looking in a mirror .
0	republican need to stop being such push over . this is war # maga # walkaway # iamalexjones # kavanaugh # ppc url
0	maybe ... hmm ... i dont know .... fix the music kit agressive mvp sound that play at full volume even if it off in setting ( im typing in cap because i just went deaf after a whole team used that kit )
1	yes . yes he is !
1	crazy people do n't care what they use . i suppose you leftist who say to bad it wa n't a gun . sound like you 're disappointed he did n't . that way you can scream gun control .
0	she is a classist . note the roll royce refernce .
1	the one where democrat have controlled major city for so long they ’ ve bankrupted them and left the minority ’ s and others in such desperation that crime is their only alternative to life . instead of hand out maybe they should teach a better way .
0	and the issue is much greater than gun control
0	she is busy in appeasing minority henceforth
0	antifa caught off guard after getting confronted by the last person they ever wanted to answer too url
1	i 'll lock yo sorry as down
0	45 said florence is big and wet . i fear she is about to get grabbed by the president .
1	this unfortunately is the real way democrat feel about black ! if they could they would put u all on the plantation ! socialism is making citizen slave to the government ! the conservative will never let that happen ! this very kind of treason is why we have the 2 amendment !
1	totally . just shown herself up to be a spoilt narcissist . the comment to the umpire that he will never be at her match for a long a he life ? just who doe she think she is ? ? not gracious in defeat . a disgrace to the sport .
0	what happened to flash ? i hope he is healthy
1	can ’ t we send this pig back to canada . he ’ s an animal .
0	democrat are getting everything they deserve .
0	i wish i wa a short a you . oof . im just a tall a okabe and you are a size of r/luka . lol url
1	she is talking about herself dude ... ignored .
0	a we should declare antifa a terrorist group and investigate all of it 's member .
0	also he support antifa
0	we are actually thinking of making this event a gathering for local antifa member and the # resistance . make your voice heard against # drumpf .
0	. just picked up my post on gun confiscation . this is the history of gun control your high school and college history class will never tell you about . url
0	( 9 ) well all side except u conservative . we are still striving 2 be reasonable with completely unreasonable opposition . how do u get out of gravity of a black hole with the moon lander rocket ? you ca n't . what you need is a star destroyer warp drive . so why act like we can ?
0	forevaaaaaaaaaaa url
0	dude just go straight to the point . you are trying to say that iggy can be bigger than em bc she is younger url
1	what the fuck is this they ’ re trying to set him up so it look like he somehow deserved to be shot
0	she ran are holding an assault rifle and calling for gun control . my may be moving left but not that far
0	and a whole lot more deadly than bump stock '' : url
1	he comin for ur woolly bitch
0	$ 5.7 million in taxpayer fund for study to justify sterilizing child who are gender confused url via sterilize liberal .
0	hey remember those storage bin they recently found full of supply that were in puerto rico but never given out .. ask your mayor
0	and you still defend ?
0	he is cute
1	a usual a seemingly and supposed smart feminist think she ha made sense .. yen yen yen yen yen yen alone ... you just told me rn you are also dealing with another person .. have you considered maybe you are the toxic one ?
1	she is a courageous intelligent woman who know the crap that people will say - she is standing up to some evil and powerful and ruthless men who will stop at nothing to destroy her and her testimony
1	# greatestthingsaboutthe90s nothing . the treacherous lefty medium people made sure benny hill wa taken off tv and even more treacherous conservative '' conspired to remove maggie thatcher a our leader then almost fatally signed u even deeper into the extremely hostile commie eu ''
0	or go to a baseball game with a terrorist ? who wa that ? liberal seem to be the most perfect people but suck at everything .
0	you are awesome
0	take me back to doing boomerang in maga with 2 pint by my side at any one time : ( x url
1	jesus christ . liberal start young with their brainwashing
0	banned the nfl
1	i want to fight one of you for real you are taking the piss url
1	oh shit u went there
0	he is reprehensible . him and durbin .
0	sit down fredo . you are irrelevant . no one elected you . if you had minded your own business instead of trying to make yourself a player maybe you would n't be headed for prison . do you realize if they take your daddy down first he can not pardon you ? ticktock .
0	he is now full oompa loompa
0	ironic then that the woman that vouched for kavanagh are n't vouching for him anymore . almost like they were originally arranged to vouch for him without knowing his history . huh . # maga url
0	she is a future world champion !
0	i said the same thing today lol
1	be coo you got people thinking i really eat as bitch
0	ooooh she is beautiful ! ! ! : o
0	i 'll bet she is a liberal democrat .
1	why isn ’ t she is custody ? i understand she can not be in general population but she should be in custody and in some sort of holding cell .
0	god bless my uncle ha cancer too but she is in a better place now
0	listen people queen is right . this is not a game this is war url
1	qual ? url
0	i 'm sure you are not . you just thought it wa free there 's nothing wrong with that
1	any argument with liberal is same a forcing water through the steel . their brain are contaminated and the process of healing seems impossible for them . do n't waste you precious time and word on them . these are not reasonable people . url
0	you were right last night about quad ! she act like she is the only one going through thing in life ! she ha to share with her friend so that y ’ all can be there for her ! # marriedtomedicine
0	& gt ; & gt ; & gt ; -- - & gt ; simcoe mountain range she is bruin : busting ....... # beardown # hunting url
0	clearly that man must have been blind . but thanks for being not only a beautiful woman on the outside but being a kick as one on the inside a well . i know there are many woman applauding your post along with me .
1	do n't feel sorry for her . she is so greedy she even hide her patreon amount and dumb kid keep donating for watching her playing game and whispering into a mic .
1	the u open ha treated her poorly with the whole controversy over her outfit . bottom line is she wa treated differently because she is a woman of color and this would never happen to a man . the usta better soon recognize that she is woman ’ s tennis and act accordingly ! !
1	you # fanatical # sycophant # religious # extremist are so # fucking close to getting another # whitesupremacist # evangelical on the # supremecourt to overturn # roevwade would n't it just suck to have the rug pulled out from underneath your foot # maga ? # fuckoff # gilead # kavanaugh url
1	you are flawed by looking at a large problem through a narrow lens .
0	# science # ecology # health # nature the problem of the one and the many in gun control url url
0	you have the best booty and everything you are stunning love you so want to cum in you so deep !
0	there wa once a convaluted theory nixon wa deep throat .
0	he should have started since game 1. but do n't worry once he get the start it will change the faith for the brown . he is a winner ! ! ! nothing against current starter . but he is just a back up in the nfl .
1	he is ! talking about “ i don ’ t need excuse i just need my money ”
1	more fear tactic to make people attack her . it ’ s bullshit
0	she is awesome . thanks
0	her link to planned parenthood which is the reason why liberal do n't want a conservative judge .
0	what a beautiful person she is .
0	bill i do not consider democrat a american . our constitution doe not mean anything to them . most of them are uncultured uneducated and violent like antifa . some have already declared judge kavanaugh guilty of rape .
1	should i try out aikido instead of krav maga ? # aikido # kravmaga
0	# parent of parkland # victim call for stricter # gun control at rally - sep 8 @ 11:29 pm et url
0	thirty aged zayn is sexy though jdkdkdk even though it make me emo too
0	thank you for the update .... you are doing an excellent job
1	wow ... she is destroying the life of a guy . she ha filed a case . her father ia going to court and she ha not get any summons . if she had already stretched this . seems like she ha done something wrong . police shld take the matter forward . whoever is guilty shld b punished .
0	tbh it catchy a fuck tho
0	you can convert but it 's very hard and discouraged . if just your father is jewish you are not jewish
0	thanks . i 'm gon na test out herc again with limit broken white rose ce equipped on raikou
0	it still not being updated . scraper will get le and le until none are left
0	cnn is neither there to make money or tell the truth it solely exists to be a propaganda arm of the democratic party
1	and then wana talk shit when you play something they don ’ t know but the song be fire and end up blowing up then later becomes they song
1	no my family are n't maga they just do n't care . they 're apart of the populace who get distracted by pop culture completely . they have zero idea what is going on in the world until i tell them & amp ; even then they do n't care . i 'm a lion amongst lamb . url
1	who the fuck are you ?
0	and he ’ s actually been a gun control advocate for a long time if you bothered to do a little research .
0	thanks for the following and together we can help maga and kag and we can make our great state of texas even greater by encouraging everyone we know to vote red
0	biden successfully plagiarized to get ahead in his political career . he is the poster boy of the dreg of society '' . vote dems out in november . ''
0	and here he is supporting gun control : url
0	bill maher is a known po !
0	lol religion of peace '' am i right fellow classical liberal ? izlam tote need a reformation ''
1	trump may not be the one who started this mess but he can stop it . if he doe n't he is part of the problem .
0	doe jimmy have to clear his monologue with these producer to ensure nbc is tear free ?
1	oh boo you sound so ignorant with your word . we are on top . all of america is on top now . how about stop resisting and try to help make our nation the best for everyone not just liberal . wake up and walk away .
1	.... except not all millennials are for gun control .
0	glad we have our priority in order re gun control .
0	accurate number be damned eh ? let 's pretend that hard working entrepreneurial tax paying canadian conservative are a gullible a the trump base . i 'm sure they do n't mind having their intelligence insulted at all .
0	* extremistische idee
0	you are asking the right question
0	ababzhah but this whole everyone talking about sex make me very uncomfortable so bye
0	every one of them need to be put away for life
0	. announced that she is ready to represent the philippine in the fashion show 2018 url # entertainmentnews
0	keep your eye on liberal in close quarter . they 're very violent and mentally unstable .
0	yea he is . lol sorry you have to go through this
0	well . you know where i am . come on over . at least youll be at hospital . lil antifa libtard will never show .
0	following # maga
1	fuck yes ride it baby !
1	it ’ s a disgrace and are in danger of imploding if they don ’ t remove
0	he ’ s an actor . please wake up .
0	steven wilson is coming back to ny in december ! i can ’ t wait ! he is one favorite ( live ) performer ! hope all is well .
0	there are n't many instance i 've been in where you can just admire the woman 's physique . if i spend too long looking at a woman 's bit it all come into question . porn allows an up close personal experience for a long a i like with no challenge . except of course getting caught
0	gun control ... breathe ... sight picture .... squeeze . this professor need further instruction . : )
0	liberal pitching fit again
0	so handsome you are ! i think people should donate the shoe to our homeless veteran and other homeless american , after they sew a no '' circle over the emblem . ''
1	my favorite is if you play the genocide path you are a mass murderer in real life '' . ''
0	there are report cuomo reached deep into his campaign war chest . '' he is definitely spending a lot more this time around . $ 7.5 million in august on tv ad alone . nixon spent just over $ 606,000 during the same period . turn out seems like it 'll be higher than usual . another sign ''
1	i continue to be concerned that our country ’ s gun control law are not good enough to protect our child . i will only vote for the party that is willing to address this issue .
1	bert and ernie are puppet / dog are not child / there are only two gender / and there will be two term # maga
0	poor b she is desperate for attention so she try to take it off from mac miller and put it back on her by her sarcasm which totally flopped . b stick to grieving silently and allow the family who have lost their loved one to grieve without you taking that away from them .
1	i guess i do n't know when i 'm talking to a proud boy and when i 'm talkin to an antifa . i am pro antifa . which are you ?
0	tonight show ? is that still a thing ? who knew ?
1	you couldn ’ t catch me letting some saggy whitey bitch talkin like this to me bitch eat dirt
0	the ultra left thugaratti are no joke either . let ’ s together condemn both . antifa ? college that riot over ben shapiro speaking ? i definitely condemn any threat against her .
0	aaa dibales dong url
0	gee ... i wonder ? # drainthedeepstateswamp # wwg1wga # qanon # maga url
0	these metal people have already found kavanaugh guilty & amp ; the accuser doesn ’ t want to testify even being backed by her liberal lawyer . this is nothing but a liberal delay tactic ! now even feinstein belief this accusation is not true . liberal love to destroy people ’ s life
0	numerous jewish group have come out and denounced the misuse of a a a tool to smear and bludgeon corbyn . you are welcome to google this . not all jew agree with you .
0	and the liberal will supply them with these modern fighter ! url
0	arm '' were/are to be regulated by law—those regulation aimed at near-universal armament/training with contemporary military grade design `` arm '' personally owned/possessed & amp ; kept in the home—by `` the people '' # 2a that is constitutional `` gun control '' . ''
0	of course you 're anti-american and you wo n't leave . you 'll stay here because a an antifa coward you can talk your nonsense with no fear of governmental reprisal . you have n't left yet and you never will .
0	i did n't think about violence towards antifa when i wa a kid . boy how time change .
1	some thing never change ! in 1991 # scotus clarence thomas ’ s # hightechlynching by & amp ; # maga fight back against these lie ! # confirmkavanaugh # djt # kavanaugh # metoo url
0	great girl and i ’ m sure there are more of them . in the democratic party . she is a real prize
0	# maga # trump # warrior # voteredtosaveamerica
0	# willienelson laugh at conservative on the view for suddenly being outraged by his support of democrat url
1	i muted her awhile ago when she tried to say some shit like that 6ix9ine wa doing positive work for mexican rap like he isn ’ t some kind of pedo garbage .
0	he is quite the yarn spinner
1	how do you come up with all these lie . you have not done a thing a far a gun control . open your eye obama your hero had 8 year in office . all your doing is sucking around for the last minute vote .
0	learning english for “ conservative ”
0	people who fail to understand the second amendment 's purpose is to protect a citizenry from a government takeover should not be talking about gun control
0	i have a friend who ha been saying that for the past few year . you are setting yourself up for disappointment
0	the laugh i ’ ve gotten from you are enough .
0	amy barrett ... come on down ... u r the next contestant on the ... and the liberal start looking 4 boyfriend she tried 2 rape !
0	how do i connect my usb token to an iphone ?
0	not so much . trump is mental . he is president . he responds badly to opposition ; well to praise . graham need to get through mueller investigation & amp ; judge . trump will then be asked to step down . penny will be president & amp ; will pardon whole family . new judge in place . the end .
0	corrupt period ... last week u liberal were saying he won ’ t release bc he ha something to hide o boy u pple those pple that depend on an actor for info wow ! u pple scare me is it green today or is it yellow ⁉
1	this is a premeditated attack by democratic liberal and she is being rehearsed . enough of the scam show . vote kavanaugh to sc .
1	you are one of the mastermind of a big syndicate at boc . we will not forget . you will go to jail ! # fakedrugwar
0	doe n't alternative fact '' = falsehood ? # maga how do `` alt '' gov account exist ? how many account ? illegal ? subverting will of the people ? who run ? who pay ? where from ? ip address tracking ? ''
0	toffee ?
1	the active duty personnel i know think he is a dangerous fool . maybe 100 % of racist military klansman support mr. traitor-pants .
0	he know nothing about gun control ? say who ?
0	ya but we saw some really good thing in the preseason . now granted i didn ’ t watch bill preseason game but didn ’ t get the feeling there wa the same buzz . again hopefully you are right and he doe play well .
0	omg this will be so good ! !
1	i love it when a plan come together # maga # nexit url
0	typical liberal . principled until it come to their money .
1	they are false . this is what the democrat do best . # confirmkavanaugh # maga # drainthedeepstate
1	i neither side with the klan nor antifa . i stay out of family squabble . dems can clean up their own bastard child . perhaps you could clarify how i do t support the 14th .
0	ha always been regarded a uk ’ s worst ever pm - and that ’ s by the conservative . how he can still get his foot in the door in europe tell you everything you need to now about it boss .
0	hi hopefully you are now on board a one ha passed through . i do apology for the delay . we have experienced heavy delay across most service passing through st albans due to roadworks . apology for the delayed response .
1	why do you have to bring race into this the real racist are democrat and liberal like you .
0	say who ? u desperate liberal ? ur dirty trick aint gon na work kavanaugh will be confirmed # ginsbergisnext
0	# sjw # liberal -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - sweden 's feminizing boy with genderless school url via
0	aurora is growing and learning stuff quickly ! she is really good at drawing and counting ! such a intelligent baby ~ `` he laughts playfully at kiss being breaked . peck his nose . ''
1	because he is talking to an idiot . liberal have a mental disorder . in his book the liberal mind : the psychological cause of political madness . '' dr. rossiter expose that the ideology motivating liberal is actually a mental disorder . read more : url
0	rofl , that is real data . any argument you make now , i can flip it and say oh an anti-trump flunkie '' quit being retarded . fyi , gun control doe n't work . england banned firearm and their violent crime stats skyrocketed . criminal benefit the most from gun control ''
1	i just blocked 3 ass .
1	she is really talking nonsense .. can she talk like this for bible and quran ?
0	i would 've chose the headline why the left love bernier '' personally i could not be more delighted the most important thing in any election is to prevent conservative from gaining power just look at ontario for proof ''
1	disgraceful . he is innocent until proven guilty . which will not happen because she is lying .
0	found some - please fb ? url
1	gun control nut are not allowed to be protected by the very thing they supposedly despise . she can use a knife . # disarmharrisnow
0	he is small and he need someone big to clear the beach for him
1	also shitbiscuit stole most of the tempe girl u ca n't blame that on me ..
0	wow you are so beautiful ayumi
0	culture of our nation '' culture exists ? what culture is that , because it 's not the american culture it once wa . ''
1	ain ’ t getting no pussy huh ? url
0	funny . so then why do democrat and mainstream medium figure ( see don lemon ) defend antifa ?
1	your continual use of left liberal progressive on your show are euphemism for the democrat party who owns '' them until deny them & amp ; ideology . you are lying to the public by not calling a spade a spade . ''
0	* * * to be destroyed 09/08/18 * * * 2nd chance ! ! adopt kreamy tonight ! ! this exotic looking sweetheart is friendly with child and good with other female cat ... no one picked her last night so she is hoping that someone will step up for her tonight ! ! url … url
1	liberal and democrat are psychopath ! yep ! something wrong with all of them .
1	[ eric open the door and run to the couch . ] fuck yeah .
1	liberal like you will never convince u to become lazy entitled victim . but keep trying . i just feel sorry for your son . having to be raised by someone who will only impart him with the mindset of self-hate and victim-hood .
1	fuck it . just do it haha
0	i like that ... primatives .. perfectly describes the democrat and liberal # metoo # resist # antifa
1	guess what chicago kid go theu this shit every day and they have the strictest gun control around !
0	s without even explaining yourself which make me wonder why you think you are thinking logically . again : i don ’ t take my news from orban . you assumed that twice now which make me believe you take your news from your favourite politician . if you read any news apart from what ow
0	soldier '' ? ? more like antifa scum bag ''
0	i am not running off so to speak . it ’ s just how it work . you are all healed . my job is done . it is the way of our world . they are expecting me back . ~ sigh and take a deep breath before straightening out the non existent wrinkle in my shirt~
0	look at u we are just so full of ourselves an so narcissistic we ca n't realize our time is just about up .
0	lil fun fact here skip who ha a higher winning percentage in super bowl ? that ’ s right . # 12. check mate buddy
1	# nickferrari seems to be intentionally misleading his viewer ? ! suggesting paedophile among white are the same percentage a # muslim and that we are only angry at one ? no mr ferrari .. i think not ! # lbc # lbcradio # maga # mcga # mega # mbga # conservative # patriot url
1	i ca n't wait for kavanaugh to throw gun control in the garbage can where it belongs .
0	it ’ s about time . a civilised nation need tougher gun control . man only backwards country don ’ t
0	chuckle head .
1	ca ha always been blue and so have i. you do n't seem to be doing very much except helping yourself . like my neighbor you are a champagne socialist .
0	this high road shit doe n't work on trump/conservatives/republicans/gop/magats no more mister nice guy . a say they go low we go for the jugular . they have to be stopped .
1	anyone is a target for the leftist liberal . goal ? decent god-fearing conservative will pas on gov service ! result ? the country is harmed ! congrats to liberal - your antifa anti-america blossom !
0	the only line i can think of is if he supported gun control , and even then it 'd probably have to be a big gun control thing and not just a maybe do more background check '' proposal . but he 'd never do that . ''
0	so you are saying they should not count on him to keep the streak alive ?
1	antifa democrat are gon na pay so yuge in november it will be the final nail in the coffin . you are fruitcake trust funded fakenews journalism .
0	something went down she is hiding .
0	i will not be playing your game on android ever a 1 ) i 'm downloading an all from an unknown source and 2 ) i think all epic game should be banned from the android system a you are stripping the revenue that pay for the dev and it 's unfair on other devs like me
0	a stark reminder that and you are trying to con u with chequer and a bit of our water back - not good enough - appeasing is not a good look
0	left ! ! ! url
0	president trump ’ s 17th wave of judicial nominee '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	she is not at all bothered by this invasion of her space .
1	oh it ’ s ok because 45 reversed the most important issue on mental health he got rid of the mental health condition on gun control . great job ! what a guy ! he is a liar proven over & amp ; over again . but you worship away that ’ s your right
0	just a punk as po pog . thank you kgo ! !
0	i ’ m an antifa angel who ha come to set the dreg and deplorables free . free from caring what loser think about you . url
1	he is . lol
1	delusional idiot and the traitor !
0	noticed she ’ s a blonde . fit the conservative mold . i don ’ t know why conservative are obsessed with blonde hair and internet addiction .
1	he is nut ! ! ! !
1	am eye see kay he why am oh you as he
0	ask he know the truth hahaha have favoritism person so unfair
0	she is a cutie ! ! but she need a packer bib
0	but where is antifa going to shop now ?
0	listen to these fiscal conservative calling in cry because or mike harris supporter cry .... weeeehhhhh weeeeehhhhh .... stand up for something other then yourselves . url
0	glad to see another nfl owner ha read the constitution . unlike all the crybaby fussing over peaceful protest . # freedomofexpression # freedomofexpression is still alive . that 's one of the reason america is great !
0	, asks , how deez taste ? '' ''
0	diversity make you stronger
1	a vulgar attempt to reduce sisterhood to genitalia .....
0	they are # doasisaynotasido conservative .
0	i wa just going through my tl and i saw this . there are no word she is such a sweetheart this is so horribly sad . may her family find the strength .
0	what did she do ? the conservative are no different
0	i think you should ask what she mean . i do n't think she is talking about passion . she is talking about the other destructive behavior in youth sport . we should let her expound further before jumping to conclusion . i do n't think she insinuated passion though .
0	horseshit
0	just wondering whether we should have another election if the wrong '' party get in because 36.9 % of the electorate voted for the # conservative ? or when 35.2 % voted labour in 2005 ( and won ) ? ''
1	took you this long ! ! he is a beast and ha been for yonks
0	by citizen he mean democrat voter ...
0	... congratulation . you are truly the greatest speedster the world ha ever known .
0	she is just feeling his touch first time
1	scaramucci cashing in on the donald . taking those blue collar folk for every last penny . lmao at the # maga folk . sucker .
0	4 uk/us deepstate nuke intercepted heading for u city . # skynews # skypapers # bbcdp # lbc # lbclive # talkradio # altnews # brexit # remain # london # cityoflondon # news # breakingnews # uknews # labour # tory # trump # toryparty # ukip # conservative # christian # qanon
1	amazing how dems don ’ t feel they owe it to unborn generation to keep illegals out ! !
0	“ yeah we got everything sorted that needed to be sorted ” she is still only taking small sip of her wine unusual for emily but she guessed jj wouldn ’ t profile her
0	this guy is absolutely not a slick a he think he is .
1	it clear you would n't listen anyways since you are more interested in arguing over the non existent racism of that tweet rather than calling out the ignorant white girl on display
0	now do black life matter and antifa .
0	.... what 's so hard about doing that ? conservative have un-remembered thousand of description of thing they 've read in their cherry-picker bible .
0	“ yes . no one should make threats. ” really ? what happens with and her call for assassination of ? of # antifa or the great damage done on inauguration day . or parkland & lt ; & lt ; trained by obama policy . or scalise near “ hit ? ” go home swalwell
0	she is the evolve form .
0	lot of info coming out today ! # patriotsunite # patriotsfight # wwg1wga # growthenetwork # makeamericagreatagain # keepamericagreat # thegreatawakening # thestormisuponus # theeyeofthestorm # maga # kag # iloveamerica . url
0	fartacus
0	you challenged libtards '' im here .. my thought on gun control are simple assault weapon should be banned for civilian i don ' t remember 17- 59 people murdered in 20 with a hammer i own a hand gun for protection i support our 2nd amendment ''
0	lmao man oh man she is thanking a drug addict for support ? the other guy had it right shes a story teller plain and simple !
0	ty followed all need one follow back hope to see them follow to # maga # kag
1	if the medium stop reporting what happens on the view '' perhaps it will disappear from view . if conservative america wanted to know what those imbalanced voice had to say we would watch it . the rest of u are busy watching the sidewalk for poop put there by hollywood liberal . ''
0	he is doing it to everyone he don ’ t like
0	actually , it wa hitler who patterned his style after the democrat in america , hey ! that 's what we should do '' and he did . ''
0	you are so welcome ! i know i just speak what every one is thinking ! it ’ s a good meeting place for u all !
0	i 've got this great idea for a phone app though . justwank
0	he is gon na .. how do you say .. ? ? splinter the sphincter of dc url
0	thanks and you are a good looking young man and hopefully will find yourself a loving beautiful young man to love and love you .
0	liberal are dangerous . they 'll say and do anything to push their agenda . the victim are judge kavanaugh 's wife and daughter .
1	let the leftist democrat riot in the street with their antifa counterpart .
1	do n't understand your logic . anyways this is going nowhere . this to me is not acceptable . maybe you are ok with it . url
1	fool no respect
0	cue the liberal ’ moral shunning of society for a minute ; a they take a break from trying to ruin brett kavanaugh ’ s life & amp ; humiliating his family .
0	or lower some liberal retirement fund idea 's
1	he is a big lump of —-i agree 100 %
0	i would n't say cowardly . she is brave ! i mean he '' . : ) ''
1	feinstein wanted to delay until after the midterm . hopefully the red wave will wash her into the atlantic . # maga
1	she thought she would be low profile and help the dem party get rid of kavanaugh and she could remain anonymous . she most likely wa promised this by the party . now that she can be charged with perjury she will continue with playing a victim . she is not . lying is a can of worm .
0	this is incredible . she is being demeaned because she stood up for herself ? i hope she know she ha many who support her and stand with her . she is an example for other woman .
0	we need you to do the next superhero game ... url
1	if it could that shit would be talking to you like butch noo you already know he a fuck boii bye
0	epic fail on that front . hopefully she will succeed in the future .
1	bizarre story and more to it once she is charged formally . glad she is off the street and certainly concerned if there are more clueless cop like her out there “ protecting ” u
0	you are not a poet . do n't ask how i knoweth .
0	# mondaymotivation liberal backing kavanaugh accuser '' high school episode to attack # scotuspick - but praised # adultery superstar # mccain - logic much ? # maga # liberalismisamentaldisorder url
0	there is a rumbling that 's starting to bubble . dems are n't listening . they 're barrelling on . mistake . dems seriously need to stop and listen . there is a rage building like i 've never seen . the silence of conservative and republican is becoming deafening . dems need to listen .
0	be there with bell on
1	here is your boy smoking marijuana and hanging out with a pornstar and escort girl and paying the people that keep her a slave to be his slave . he is insane url
0	soon both the libs & amp ; the conservative will havevut so everytime we have a change of government we 'll be paying out cancelled contract
1	oh nancy i agree with you wholeheartedly i do not think i have ever hated anyone in my life like i feel about this man the fact that he is supposed to be our leader make my stomach turn smh i have lost all respect for the gop completely that they sit back and allow this travesty
0	harley is the right choice for public education . he is the right choice at the right time for orange county . rouda is a moderate .. pro business ... pro family ... and the only one who is pro american .
1	name the social injustice caused by the gop and the death of anyone caused by member of it i dare you . how many people have lost their life to the idiocy of gun control ?
1	why are you acknowledging her existence . time to block her and give u all a break . she is a nobody '' . she use to be a funny comedian who gave away her power to hate and lost almost everything . ''
1	( she is clearly agitated in a defensive stance ) shit- what is she doing here
1	nansbabh bitch stfu
1	what they fail to realize is that if even 10 % of trump supporter decide to use force to protest like the lunatic left doe now it will be like white sleeve and antifa soy boy . they really do not want to keep up this level of rhetoric .
1	* a fuck . not as fuck . although conservative are fucking u all up the as right now .
1	move to north korea where you will find all the oppressive authoritarian gun control you want . any one of these other country with low gun ownership should work for you too . good luck ! url
0	she is tripping
0	5. creating racial tension '' . usa racial issue start before 1776. these latest one are fueled by , among others , nra & amp ; congress refusing to fully resource education & amp ; police training . url url url url
0	she is not friendly !
0	funny how so many liberal throw around the word bigot when someone ha a different opinion . url
0	legit tweeted 30 second after this what the-
0	have n't set any expectation on him ... he ha set his own goal chasing his own dream .. he ha asked those question from the doctor and making decision with advisement from me his parent ... he is growing to be his own man
1	you are fake news
0	# gun # 2a 'last lockdown ' statue part of gun-control group 's plan to change mind in pro-gun district : tucker : left colluding with company to suppress gun right tucker : the ideological gap between the leader of america 's most url url
1	oh and how do think the victim feel ? im sure she is fine with the death threat and insult she ’ s been getting spewed at her by you fine christian conservative
0	she is diabetic
0	it really piss them off
1	well she is better looking than the lying chick lawyer
1	not now hell no he offered that last year no go now .
0	the distance home for right now but we will be sending you a doll factory proof very soon and you are going to love it fiona ! !
0	but he ’ s a hollywood elite !
1	the problem is , the people who will read this and go oh shit he is a cunt '' already think he is . the redneck and retard that already support him will believe it is fake news . ''
1	* he close his eye so she won ’ t notice how groggy he is . *
0	liberal support this i thought .
1	6 people are dead after shooting spree in california url so those thought & amp ; prayer are working good for gun control
0	i think she is the reason the “ victim ” had a polygraph . even ha question about the validity of her accusation .
0	which side ha # antifa and the # handmaid ? who you calling “ radical ”
0	sadder still , these guy exist because of a bunch of far-left child that dress like isi , burn flag and attack journalist . yet our young leftist activist posing a journalist '' do n't even cover the group # antifa that doe all of the violence . talk about bizarro world ! ''
1	now what are you ? ? a liberal ? ? intellectual ? ? you are nothing but a bigot . shamelessness at it peak .
0	are you not surprised to know that liberal sacrifice their own child on the altar of virtue signaling ?
0	1. climate change 2. education 3. healthcare reform 4. economy 5. gun control 6. societal issue 7. immigration url
0	yeah she is and oh i ’ m working that day but we will plan it !
0	# qanda look at who twitter and facebook are currently banning - all conservative .
1	eirc holder : a friken idiot
0	what wa the average wage to average house price when thatcher wa in charge ? that ratio is the fundamental reason . build a many a you like but if they are not genuinely affordable you 're just wasting resource .
0	when we allow foreign law into our sovereign nation we have lost our sovereignty . say no to # sharialaw # constitutionday # maga # mondaymorning
0	bro your twinsie resemblance to my brother in uncanny ! he is 30 year old now - maybe you are long lost bros ? which would make u bros ! lol url
0	lmfaooo baby you just a young a she is
0	what ’ s your point here ? i ’ m a tx voter and i wholeheartedly support gun control . there were 0 school shooting in my childhood . i think it ’ s because civilian couldn ’ t easily get their hand on military grade weapon . our law need to change
0	you and me both ! ! # chatterbox
1	the dems have done this since they were the kkk . except back then they accused black men of raping white woman then lynched them . same play from the old playbook . everyone of these liberal cry outrage are fake if they are n't pressuring ellison to resign .
0	. i have been watching the committee hearing for judge kavanaugh . is using this particular session on birth control & amp ; roe v wade a a window to gun control legislation . her comment were very clear . i will not allow a politician deprive me of 2a
0	thank you sm and it wa great meeting you too ! ! seeing you and my other favs reminded me that it so worth pushing through the pain to be able to do thing like that ! !
1	i mean it worked for gun control right ? url
0	both need to drink a cup of red ginseng tea and go to a neutral menopausal corner .
1	fuck if i fry with no money imagine if there wa
1	you are a bloody demon you don ’ t need to summons one
0	# neverwithdraw ! ! # dianefeinstein waited on # christineford lie because dems needed time to scrub the vast amount of ford 's anti-trump social medium rant and coach her to keep her story consistent . # democrat and # liberal are evil and mentally sick # confirmkavanaugh
0	someone should lock her up she is nothing but a bitter and twisted old cow
0	a recycled tweet to stir the passion of men who watch porn and strangely insult the woman who make it . well done bb .
0	after which she is thrown under the train ...
0	dr. james p. wickstrom rip - gun control and the enemy in the land url url
1	fox could have sash di 'd tho
0	he is also said we would have the cleaner air and water . but his failure to protect our environment will also lead to mass death .
1	the liberal same old playbook . it is so old ... yawn
0	by the look of her face you can tell where they 're pulling the number from
0	when they ’ re reviewing play he is insufferable
1	son please don ’ t make me cry today because i never saw this shit
0	get through a sentence without laughing challenge
0	the world know that right wing extremist are responsible for more terror attack that leave people actually dead in the u than all other group combined .... statistical fact . will remind not 1 case of anyone dying because of antifa ... your not on solid ground here ..
0	she is but that 's not why we 're friend .
1	and i ’ ll argue all fucking day long because im % right ! ! ! !
1	well they will start banishing all acct 's for promoting url fb gave brandon a 30 day z-jail time . i 'm sure tomorrow apple/jacks will do it too . let 's all just do it and see how many conservative & amp ; # walkawaymarch er 's they shut down.poof fb begone
0	principled conservative '' are a rogue gallery of nevertrumpers who were not at all uncomfortable with the idea of hrc winning the 2016 presidential election . in fact , some of them voted for her . ''
1	excommunicate the guy . that ’ ll teach ‘ em .
0	4 he is poor
0	- that he is but jace is also worth it . the hetero keep winning .
0	he is desperate to get into the white house so he can shut down any investigation that go straight to obama and biden .
1	antifa jv squad ?
0	jesus will save u . we just have to ask . # jesussaves i pray often . included in my prayer are for god to also save # connecticut & amp ; the usa . i think we need more people praying . living on a praaaaaaaaayeer ! '' url
0	now following all the patriot that i wa n't already following ! let 's mag & amp ; kag & amp ; vote red together ! thank you all !
0	22 kid a day shot in usa ? statue of child hiding under desk to silently plead with voter for protection url url
1	explain to me where i said that wasn ’ t true . i know what due process mean . i know when anyone go to court over a crime like that it affect their life . he is not exempt from the process or ridicule
0	they 're just wasting their money dims do n't read book and conservative do n't read smut
1	i 'm sure she 's worried . give me a break . dana is doing a job . you know where u make a living and pay for your own healthcare etc . you dirt bag that do n't even shower cry about gun control should try it .
1	# republican # conservative wet dream : step 1 : confirm predator a scotus judge step 2 : eliminate woman 's choice step 3 : eliminate non white 's voting right step 4 : eliminate woman 's voting right step 5 : end immigration
0	rus u fuckin'dead
0	tell b coach fulk say hi ! miss that kid ! he is a shot blocker !
0	those other three are activist judge '' . they must be conservative ! ''
1	then why are you pretending to be something your not ? ? ? you are a phony and all your lie wo n't change that !
0	he is very perceptive sweetie !
0	if you are in a state with medical pot go get him some brownie or a tincture it will help .
0	i did n't know oprah winfrey knew how to play tennis . ..
0	liberal and third worlders to thank for it .
0	i really really wish you had a prime time spot harris you are my favorite and soooo pretty too
0	yes . of course . he is a perfect fit for the . he is who they are .
0	he is not the best receiver in the nfl when healthy .
0	we must run in different twitter circle . because every time post about ncaa it is # maga american that come out the woodwork in support of the status quo .
0	there is shiva and she is not a boy . url
1	which is also posturing nonsense . if they want to oust her they 'd forward the requisite letter to their part whip and she would be facing a leadership challenge . her 'challengers ' are a gutless and witless a she is .
0	law enforcement get to carry around semi-automatic gun and make judgment call about who life and who dy based solely on race and appearance . gun control argument never ever take into account police brutality .
1	yet she is fat herself .
0	beto i would love it if you could become a texas senator . you need to support the 2nd amendment to get elected . once you ’ re in you effect change . you have my vote but i am not worried at all about losing my gun ownership . the gun control argument is ted best fight
1	if you are looking for hard head you only have to look at the republican congress
0	yes she is
0	you both look lovely ! # flotusrocks # maga
1	according the gore hurricane hazel in 1955 wa trump fault and all the typhoon cyclone and hurricane are all trump fault and trump colluded with god to defeat hillary . all true !
0	stop playing babe . you know you love it when i talk trump with you . now go put on that antifa dress i like . you are going to get it tonight !
0	a visual representation of the gun control movement and why we are tired of the demand : url
1	obama will be remembered a the man that destroy libya . imagine if mi6 or cia give blm or antifa gun and wage war v trump . then they control the msm and say trump use chemical weapon to legalize their coup . the blood is on obama hand .
0	now the leftist need to condemn the violence of # antifa
0	here he is doing a demo url
0	just by look this guy ha antifa written all over him
1	i ain ’ t fucking w/u today lol
0	. ha proved to u a second time she is undeniably a force to be reckoned with in the industry with the release of # lotwvideo . check it out here ; url
0	follow everyone on this tweet . we have to fight twitter and the democrat !
0	thinking of leaving this is a joke now ! i spend all my time connecting for it just to disconnect again !
0	and the nytimes anonymous author he probably considers a saint .
0	expanding the protection of right is the opposite of curtailing right . gun control curtails right .
0	woman accusing supreme court nominee # kavanaugh of physical and sexual assault should not be ignored or insulted , whitehouse senior counselor say : because a rapist & amp ; atempted murderer can ’ t go free because he wa 17yrs , drunk & amp ; wanted it # tcot # pjnet # maga url
0	she is the only ( semi ? ) important girl chara so ig thats who normie fan relate to ? like also it teacher/student which is an obvious straight ship
0	he look like a antifa dude . dude .
1	touché ... but wait till he flash the white supremacistsign letting his sound crew know he can hear himself in his ear piece . head will roll ...
0	well your a tool for the liberal so i ’ m not surprised you don ’ t see . pretty much a tool in general ...
0	don ’ t worry your time will come play hard and listen the coach frost he is a winner a championship coach
1	interrupting his hearing at every turn ! but thats ok he is a man and can take it ! at least he will remember who what when and where he wa ! after this kavanaugh will have definitely earned his stripe to scotus ! maga !
0	u both r my lifeline
0	that . is . not . scary . at all
1	why are they there ? ? ? it seemed like they are brainwashed
0	it is n't news that conservative really hate our right and freedom .
1	are you fucking serious ? i am italian ! talk to my father who wa born in sicily of your ridiculous notion . you 're an idiot ! why do you think the left a antifa ? stand for anti-fascism ! dictator are right wing !
0	ouch that hurt '' well anyway you are ? ''
0	antifa scumbag trying to explain why trump is to a black trump supporter pr # topbuzz url
0	currently url
0	confirm kavanaugh now ! # maga url
0	bono is a nono in my house .
1	no nigga
0	desperate ! will do whatever it take to stay relevant even if it mean jumping on the hate train ! # hasbeen
0	the fine people he wa referring to were the military vet & amp ; others who had a legal permit to protest the removal of a historical statue . that isn ’ t good enough ? by your standard the counter protester were all antifa .
1	all liberal are devil . all of u . ask any repub . we hold hand to stand together . to know we aren ’ t alone in this fight for civility and decency . call u all the name you want . it doesn ’ t matter one bit .
0	don ’ t let the msm keep calling it a second referendum . a there will be a remain in eu option it is really a people ’ s vote . one problem with 3 option could be just over 1/3 is bigger than just under 2/3 . perhaps 2 stage would be better .
0	yes because you are my cakefriend
0	you are my help
1	it ’ s exactly why i tweet ! ! well that and making fun of liberal and their insanity ! ! god help ! ! !
0	awesome tweet . you bring out the best in people and you are appreciated . thanks for yesterday 's many live update and live coverage and that wa just one news story !
0	exterminated is a little harsh : i agree with your first point whole heartedly . i remember being advised not to go onto esa a the stress testing wa harsh and i would be better off going onto the work program because i wa not eligible for any benefit ( except housing benefit .
0	glad you are at least safe ! sorry to hear about this whole mess
0	- is colin really that hot ? - yes he is ! url
0	antifa to the rescue lol
1	need serious psychiatric help . this guy is an anger management bi polar psych 101 case study . url
0	she is my friend
0	1 ) ultimately , the defense of kavanaugh by republican , conservative , their medium and public is a manifestation of america 's rape culture -- the latter being neither 'colorblind ' or 'race neutral . ' '' ''
0	he is so sweet !
1	that shit hurt
0	did he complain about gun control afterward ?
1	california ? how ? gun control law should of prevented this
1	all great american patriot are the dreg of society in the warped and delusional perspective of joe blow biden . he is a disgrace to america .
1	the fbi would be the proper authority to administer this polygraph despite their corruption at the top of their organization .
0	i ’ m just saying he ’ s not playing like how he should be for the amount he ’ s getting paid i ’ m sorry to let you down . url
1	another terrorist brought in by obumer !
1	you ’ re in embarrassment to the republican party ! glad you took the cowardly way out and quit !
0	tired
1	you are name calling a decorated disabled veteran . - shame on you . know your subject before making slanderous remark .
0	sanction used to be the action of last resort now it there weapon of first choice '' when wa this ? taking account of this graph url from url & amp ; url
0	such support spooky at my lowest moment
0	she is way beyond stunning . give the word stunning a whole new meaning . # q # qanon # maga # qarmy # wwg1wga
1	that ’ s just cause the director a fucking beast but let ’ s not act like christian bale ever fuck nigga up or had wavy fighting scene
0	congratulation # potus # maga
0	of course he doe ! ! # maga for everyone
0	no fucking way he said this !
0	i have indeed.a watered down needy statement . not the robust condemnation in no equivocal term one would expect . it begin with we note with disappointment ... '' such a diluted response suggests one thing : fear of the # tory who clearly show no gratitude for your help & amp ; support . ''
0	hint call 1 800thewhitehouse
1	rep maxine water ha been threatening violence on you the president and vise president . how come she is permitted to do this . is the doj and washington capital police sleeping ? ? why are all democrat above the law ? this is a crime ! url
0	he is
1	fair point but i didnt make the meme and couldnt take the big gov suck off of it . and besudes meddling in many county politics and economics . he fund antifa black life matter to try and divide we the people to try and tear the country apart url
1	is so stupid it make her sooooooo hot
0	no way ! she is !
0	it to t dd
0	what the hell ha his location at the time of the shooting got to do with anything ? people do n't have to be shot to fight for gun control ! usually they ca n't after the event because they are usually dead !
1	google go to hell !
0	how many backbencher think it ’ s workable ? url
0	ilegal invader kill 13-year-old canadian girl
0	she is gorgeous
0	ppl speculate it ab the akb48 produce akimoto and the fact he is a right wing and korean really dislike him
0	conspiracy theory abound ....
0	bull ... she is probably in debt and soros is paying her ... you 're never afraid if this happened ... give u a break ..
1	liberal are full of s # $ t when they say they have alot of love to give ! they have become the devil minion . no one will prayerfully vote for their socialist agenda !
0	amen ! ! ! we 're ready ! ! !
0	she is ! one of my favourite . brilliant . her short story wonderful too .
0	wow ! you are good at it !
0	and their last hit and ounce of relevance ? # netherlandstaxhaven
0	to be reported to for inciting violence against trump supporter . he is making list to target trump supporter for antifa ...
0	you get invited to kh event because you are very active in the kingdom heart community and because you are a super duper mega fan . you 're extremely lucky so embrace it .
0	because neither have shown anything to suggest they are worthy replacement . in tevagas case he is an undersized lock with poor dummy half service who severely hurt team go-forward and roache ha not strung any number of game together without injury . pay luke .
0	she is allergic to chocolate
1	what that you are a coward that ca n't put your own pic up ? yet you feel you can judge others look ? yep i 'm sure people do call you out on the regular .
1	# manitoba - # ndp leader wab kinew on the # carbontax url are you proud of yourselves and you allow the ndp to come at you from the right ? you 're all a insane a the # trudeau # liberal # winnipeg # canada # mbpoli
0	amazing how many people voted guilty before proven innocent . lot of liberal are voting in this poll obviously .
1	roy moore '' `` allegation from far distant past '' `` bezos '' `` bunny '' `` satire '' # drellenbrandt # maga dr. melissa bunny , via a medium , tell u from beyond the grave : `` about 35 year ago , jeff bezos put his hand on me , cut my head off , and cooked me a hasenpfeffer for dinner . '' url
0	glad she is ok
0	yeah this series only ha 3 book . i got the sword art online novel too and some other mangas
0	do all liberal '' and evolutionary biologist really talk like hillbilly or are you just trying to sound superior ? ''
0	never heard of this guy .
0	let get electric ferry and tear down our dam . liberal do n't make sense .
0	... and what plan might that be ? the discredited chequer plan or crash out without a plan ? url
1	and all they have to do is say a half hearted apology and it all go away . but let a conservative say anything close and they are ruined for life . these mentally deranged liberal are totally disgusting jerk !
1	.. 2 of 2 vote her butt right out of office . # dianefeinstein is part of the problem in america not part of the solution . her old idea and # clarencethomas trick will not work this time . # votered2018 # kag # confirmkavanaugh # confirmcoachk # maga
1	she mocked sjws and the kkk with extremely clever satire . the fact you don ’ t have a sense of humor or are too stupid to get it is our fault . none of that mean you get to denigrate or lie about her or her motif . she is a native american woman and you are a bigoted misogynist .
1	they aren ’ t making fun of the woman . they are making fun of the liberal supporting barbaric tradition of covering a woman ’ s body with a garbage bag because men might be inclined to rape them at any given moment .
0	but with an active membership in antifa and a book that look like the imperial flag of japan . url
0	you don ’ t understand who he is and is capablities . despite the proof in the economy . my hypothesis is that you have been lied to by liberal your entire life and are believing what you are told . the liberal medium made bill clinton look good and could do the same with trump .
0	... by accepting the premise that government can and should solve all of life ’ s problem , conservative and republican ... get into a 'bidding war ' with progressive and democrat . '' the libertarian party is the only party that truly want le government . url
1	she is a
1	i 'm not in uncomefortbul miss williams is a great actor or she think she is miss williams is out of order in what she said to the ref rule apply even to miss williams but your turning it in to o a a woman do n't this bone that miss williams is out of order that 's a stone wall
0	the republican are against nancy pelosi because she is for the working class . they demonized her because she doe n't help the rich . thank you nancy for your service and being for the little guy .
0	of course they shouldnt cause it obviously complete b . they just want it delayed and when it time for the vote again theyll come up w/ another plant accuser . and why doe every supposed victim of apparent “ rape ” liberal come up with always look like a lesbian art teacher lol
1	# liberal are muck rakers . they have no platform to run on . none ! culling vulnerable people from the late decade ... of the last century ... of the previous millennium ... show how desperate they are to be heard . now they ’ re loitering around high school looking for rumor . sad !
0	sound like he joined # antifa - gov . of # wa state recently took anti- # police stance wo n't sign certificate recognizing top 20 law enforcement officer for # police # combat competition excellence # thinblueline # maga # kag # bluelivesmatter # lawenforcement # 2a
0	so you seem to have forgotten some fact . mayor ’ s “ we are dying ” speech with 100 of pallet of supply behinder her . warehouse of supply found rotting . runway with pallet of water never distributed . mayor getting indicted .
0	socialist politics that stand up for the downtrodden . and well done for conflating criticism of israel with anti semitism . you are also part of the problem .
0	too late . # antifa
1	end of mos2 . sm out in space hears a voice in his head asking if he ’ s kryptonian.turns around and it ’ s mm . mm explains his situation & amp ; asks for refuge on earth . sm put out his hand & amp ; introduces himself . ha their shaking hand he say welcome to earth . cut to black .
1	fuck yeah ! ! ! ! go you ! ! !
1	she is so dumb and clueless ! pushing a pipe dream . what fool they are that put her in office . sad ! # foxnews # socialismsucks
1	bro go watch how he hold his backwood in the interview like that shit wa irritating lmao nigga is mad suspicious
0	it 's a shame seeing such an advanced case of tds combined with terminal liberalism , i 'll pray for you . might wan na reflect on nazi propaganda vs. modern liberal racist everywhere '' tactic . also compare antifa vs. nazi brown shirt . who 's righteous ? who 's filled with hate ? ''
0	becoming ? we find out about a sex change ?
1	still better than spanish it 's so fucking boring and the teacher grade u based on how sexually active we are
0	awww we ’ re going to miss you : (
0	why why why have u let feinstein stop the vote for judge kavanaugh with a coney letter she had since july and have u seen the letter . she is not someone to talk after her 20yr spy no one ha investigated
1	she is among friend ... ira friend . a terrorist love a terrorist .
0	i 'm sure they are pro life '' conservative . keep up the great work chelsea ; we need you . ''
1	the fascist are anti-american communist scum like yourself ! ! now go fuck yourself you piece of human garbage ! ! usa # maga antifa are terrorist
0	you are .......
0	love this ! but also : my queen lex ha been speaking out on important issue like gun control and lgbtq+ right longgggg before feb 14th .
0	anybody who think it gun control '' , need to have a reality check on life . ''
0	@ new york yankee yall better start acting like champion bc that 's what you are i have a lot of student loan debt and plenty of time to come to the bronx to shake-yell-motivate each and every one of you pinstriped millionaire i believe in you and im watching url
0	congratulation ! he is so adorable
1	the monument that will be torn down in the next 10 year ? much to the consternation of we conservative
1	take the gun violence in the city that already have strict gun control and it 's extremely low . gun crime ha decreased at the same time gun ownership ha increased .
1	why do some conservative blindly follow a fascist ?
0	none . gun control is a proven failure . just like in mexico . rather we need to reintroduce moral teaching into school and fix our brocken mental health system .
0	he is correct
1	. real goal : to make everyone in wisconsin a dumb a he is . url
0	i looked over your record since getting a law degree and see absolutely nothing meritorious or significant . you are one of the least accomplished individual i have reviewed . what do you think you have done worth noting ? anything ? url
0	girl you are so bomb
0	the touch make him stiffen , hip pressing into that touch ... i 'm not a fair maiden to win and carry home , barnes . i /bite/ . '' and yet , he is merely holding on , no longer unaccustomed to such man handling ... ''
1	you are a bitter hateful woman who is ruining herself . url
0	let ’ s throw up some added bureaucratic red tape to deter highly qualified people from entering the already vitriolic world of politics . look at hate directed at trump family . i don ’ t care about tax return . some universal financial report will do . care more 4 result .
0	do n't be # europe url
0	they are if you support gun control
1	crush him beto ! ! ! make him look like the idiot he is .
1	you are killing me ! ! ! we landed in phx 30 min early from san and have been sitting on tarmac for 40 min . now officially late look like i am going to miss my connection to oak . this suck ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	you always have such a lovely way with word ...... you are one wonderful person ..... the biggest of heart . thank you so much for that ' )
1	i suggest using handcuff to remove you !
0	body cam with a long battery life on your child when left with stranger .
0	45 is sweating . he know he is screwed .. tick rock . orange is the new orange .
1	the same way democrat have smeared conservatives/republicans ? what about how democrat don ’ t stand up for the woman that have been sexually assaulted by democratic politician ! ! you ’ re a hypocrite & amp ; you need to shut the hell up !
0	ik what other rapper think of him . but only cause he is anti-drug and honestly i think his music is good .
0	none of these issue are a ) real problem or b ) handled better by conservative . happy to support trudeau for a second term . trans mountain pipe and nafta will get done - properly . saudi spat ? yay . you would n't know prosperity if you fell into a pile of 100 's .
0	# ny18 faso nra score 2016 nra - candidate position on gun right 93 % 2000 nra political victory fund - lifetime score a+ 1998 nra political victory fund - position on gun right a++ 1997 new yorkers against gun violence - gun control score 0 % url
0	you should tell the they 've just posted a tweet about how much better the railway are since they privatised them ... url
0	flawed logic . some/many liberal would identify a christian . because this is america and that is the dominate religion . look at some stats before you make overgeneralization . take your crazy else where .
0	it would destroy her life . the entire right wing juggernaut would run her down - every ex boyfriend interviewed etc . she is the innocent party . he ’ s the one trying to grab a lifetime power position .
0	she is only saying that because she want to win . don ’ t vote for this fraud .
0	you are very persuasive fam
0	i wa n't aware there wa big money in sensible gun control
0	# levistrauss # ceo take a side on gun control : ‘ it ’ s inevitable that we ’ re going to alienate some consumer ’ url url
0	yeah they showed up in america and themselves antifa .
0	god speed bandit url
1	wayne say he trying out do drake so this shit got ta be decent at least !
0	i do remember . : ( but somehow centrist '' antifa-haters can never quite seem to bring themselves to condemn such thing . ''
1	-its quite obvious the moron at the star are totally unaware that canada already ha extremely tight gun control law -which by the way criminal never have and never will adhere to '' - you have to be a very special kind of stupid to be believe that by banning ''
0	if this woman wa telling the truth and wa told about it year ago then the accuser lied in her letter when she said she didn ’ t tell anyone . this second woman kill her credibility and show that liberal are willing to lie to stop k
0	reimu just chuckle over how stern kogasa is but ... it doe feel nice knowing she care a lot . also ... one of her hand maaayy be stroking kogasas back while she is trying to keep steady . heh . a long a no pesky youkai try to go at you , i 'll take a nice vacation~ . '' ''
0	aalayah ... i can not express enough how proud i am of you and your classmate . i truly believe your hard work will be the turning point in gun control ! ! it is definitely time for the old white boy club to step aside and listen to the young people who have suffered because of them .
1	i still want him to fuck my pussy with a rake . url
1	i have dick durbin that 's not gon na happen blame shitcago that 's what i do ..
0	# loveforjess i might not know her but many people do so spread the word in hope that she is .
0	thank god for the ppc party eh true conservative who believe in getting out of the paris accord and dropping supply and demand on dairy
0	the victim '' is demanding it to drag out a confirmation hearing she refuse to participate in . she come from the violent liberal antifa party with there kkk hood they beat up total stranger & amp ; are funded by dems . the most violent party ever & amp ; they want u to believe they care . ''
1	but that ’ s not convenient for democrat who must destroy a man in front of his wife and child for the sake of power- power that allows them to weaponize the fbi - cia- nsa -irs- all used against conservative ! !
1	aclu is insane . the antifa democrat are violent and should be declared a domestic terrorist group .
0	maybe he is trying to throw hint at kaycee now to ease the blow if/when he pick angela over kaycee . or he is just being reckless idk .
1	landon suck i asked him for my birthday if i could play with him but he never got back to me so landon you suck
0	bcashhhhhhhhhhconnectttt ! ! !
1	i feel pretty fucked then cuz i started out fine
0	bible say thou shalt not kill '' just curious where u stand on gun control if u want to be talk about baby killer . there no distinction in the bible about who or what get killed . ''
0	and everyone know that kerry doe n't have a clue ! heard that from numerous anonymous '' source who also say he is not sane . that 's what the source say . ''
0	i follow civil liberal or center-left people and a few of them i ’ ve interacted with for yr . i learn from them occasionally and hopefully vice versa . never thought about blocking them . i guess a shift is what ppl might see a problematic
0	the only interaction of tory volunteer with fcp volunteer that i witnessed today wa the one demanding that our float be moved to the back of the parade . # ableg # cdnpoli
1	yes kill em with kindness . let potus and the military/leos handle the violence . url # nowwatching
0	the radical social medium antifa type can go hang .
1	it 's amusing and sickening to watch these scientist '' twist themselves into knot to justify their gun control agenda . # gunsense is dishonest , through and through . ''
0	oh my god
0	we love you baby # maga
1	he doesn ’ t know if he should slam manifort or suck up to him . he doesn ’ t know if he should worry about junior and kushner or not . he is mad a hell but know that he can ’ t just fire mueller so he is busy puking in the bathroom now that he understands that asset seizure is a thing
1	these bitch on my brain
0	or where 25 oct 2005 brazil citizen overwhelming voted “ no ” on the government implementing strict gun control by a factor of 63.9 % and the brazilian government still violates that referendum everyday a brazilian are murdered w/zero effective method of self defense
0	doe n't matter to u . we gave up on the nfl over a year ago .
0	i thought conservative were the one trying to rewrite history ? url
0	funny i compare pediphiles and their protector to satan
0	sound good false or not she is willing to testify
1	omg another bigot showing he is basically gutless - sound much like donald
1	you liberal live by double standard . look at what you did to monica lewinski . she wa branded a liar and whore even after she produced the evidence . all because good ole bill is a democrat ! your all fucking insane !
0	bring back coal & amp ; asbestos ! ! # maga
0	or a mongoose that go after a king cobra despite knowing one bite can off him . i ’ m a big animal analogy guy
0	you still doing music ?
1	hahahahahahahaha ! ! ! she may need to change her strategy . acting like a spoiled child ... throwing a tantrum and showing the world what a sore loser she is ... on national television ... is n't a great way to improve how anyone '' is viewed . ''
0	he look like the antifa president ?
0	she is hot ! !
0	actually , mr. swalwell , do n't say we do n't use violence . '' conservative do n't . leftist do . just ask anyone assaulted by # antifa or , for that matter , turn around and go find url
0	you are amazing
0	# markjudge we see you 're trying to judge moore # kavanaugh and it wo n't work . your spartacus moment is over ! # maga # kag # americafirst # trump # foxreport
0	* scream * she is so cute when she doe this ! ! ! ! url
1	and yes . having le access to gun drop suicide rate and accidental injuried snd desths . this can be proven by looking at every single country that ha strict or better gun control . unkess you want to prove otherwise that these country are just a bad .
1	over 7 year .... it ’ s pathetic .
0	ask the un why ? ask liberal why ?
1	# hanoijane fonda campaign for gun control measure ; will it backfire ? - liberty park press url
0	you are definitely living outside dc . i can ’ t get this book through amazon in va for two week becaus it ’ s back ordered . the first print is 1 m copy !
0	he is u15 .. let me know if you have any more info on other club . i 'm definitely interested . thanks alot .
0	sleazy cnn afraid of trump gop but tough on liberal .
0	you are becoming unhinged with this game ....
0	she is so dead url
0	bullcrap
0	leona will start something big to come ... liberal sit in terror in house of common ... better not criticize the groper ! ! !
0	organized resistance : the leaking campaign at state dept to derail the maga agenda url via
1	eric holder is obama 's straw man of corruption
0	she held on to something “ almost ” happening ( according to her ) for 35 yr and then decides to try and ruin his life ? she is the despicable . regardless of what did or didn ’ t happen .
0	is it an act that doj employee are stalking trump appointee and hitting them with staged protest ? is maxine water part of the plan ? antifa ? ag session is not a part of any plan . he 's stonewalling and protecting the status quo .
0	he is the best warrior
1	so you are going to deflect away from nearly 3000 dead due the the lack of post hurricane support from the trump administration by using the deportation of a single 92 year old man ? you sir are the offensive one .
1	99.9 % of the alumnus '' standing up for # christineblaseykavanaugh did n't even know her .... and none are witness to her `` story . '' democrat & amp ; liberal are just to destroy america . # confirmkavanaughnow ''
1	antifa .. anonymous are coming for you .. url
1	i experience this very same problem . i like to think i am suffering from anti-pernickety bastard disorder .
0	principled conservative are # hypocrickets
1	what will german ’ s will give u ? gun control ?
0	16 grade school child shot dead in washington with 9mm beretta . the nra blame gun control law .
1	i 'm surprised he did n't shoot his student just prove gun control is important . i 'm glad i do n't send kid to college . what a waste of money turning them into pumpkin head .
1	what do u expect from vile violent lying disgusting liberal
1	isn ’ t that the amazon bitch from antifa ?
0	what ? he didn ’ t get to where he is by saving money through eating mcdonalds . how much he make is the only thing that is relevant .
0	i 've noticed that the 'capitalist ' idea of individual right never extends to the right of individual to act in concert with other individual towards a common goal ( socialism ) . capitalism assumes that everything we do is selfish and profit-driven .
0	anti-trump activist want dc trump hotel ’ s liquor license revoked '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	here is a guy who wa invited to speak at a mccain funeral . # nevertrump er are a sick a # antifa
0	she is absolutely gorgeous !
1	i 'm almost shot by la gang member/illegal in traffic 9/5/4.45 pm my belief in the 2nd amendment : reach absolute : criminal want victim unarmed : pix later : nra gun control right grab false flag 2a # ice polsi fienstine trump
1	black female democrat call for change in party '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
1	more bad news for democrat # maga url
0	of course they are . she either agrees to testify on mon or they vote on friday and life move on until the next obstruction from the lunatic liberal
0	lie detector test ? no such thing . if you mean polygraph it doe n't detect lie or truth yes kavanaugh should ask for an fbi investigation into dr ford history
0	awww look how cute he is !
0	i love you ! ! !
1	cnn is trash and everyone that ha a brain know it !
1	eight year the republican denied obama ’ s pick . breitbarters outrage is a phony a their fake president .
1	liberal want to control ppl from cradle to coffin . they 'd b happy if ppl avoided all physical/social contact w each other ..... they are making u so suspicious of each other . divide and conquer is their hidden agenda .
0	it should work just fine now ! url
1	disgusting !
0	. say she ’ s a republican in the mold of lincoln and reagan . support gun control .
1	leftist showing yet again how vile they can be
0	# doesn'tunderstandmetaphors
0	this ha gone on for too long . imo trump want him to meet with them and he had been trying to help trump reach a. peace deal until this blow over and he is able to tell the world that they wa lying to everyone in order to trick certain people until they could take them down .
0	twitter and social medium seems to make error only on conservative and never liberal . why is that ?
0	you quoted a group that associate themselves with antifa/ anarchist . doe that make you an anarchist , antifa ? '' `` no , and it 's weird i have to explain that to an adult . '' you made the strange jump that if a tp usa person work for an org that milo work for , tp usa is alt right ? ''
0	did someone just say maga 2k19
1	. : 7 myth of democratic socialism debunked url # maga # kag
1	what death threat ? antifa is not sitting outside her house like they have with republican . why did she scrub all her social medium ?
1	holy shit thank you so much . up until the mine craft i that that because it wa n't on tv anymore that it had ended . i wa very very wrong .
1	what are you doing joe ? i swear it seems like he is doing this shit intentionally to show u fan up or put u in the hospital for heart attack . # everybodyin
1	your bizarre spin attempt fail because no one trust one sided zealot anymore . the spell is broken . we the people do not need people like you and your sick idea . cater to the loony left like your modern brown shirt antifa . leave normal people alone
0	not at all ! : )
0	she is so proud
1	. if his constituent support him they are a craven a he is . if they do n't they need to vote him out ! url
0	wow , erick , working on your phd in theology '' . you should pick another career , unless you are evangelical , then i understand . ''
1	you align yourself with an organization that butcher baby for profit . than scream about the need for gun control and the violence against our child but somehow your ok with the butchering of 100 thousand of innocent defenseless baby every yr if it line your pocket .
0	he ’ s going to end up having a massive heart attack and never find out how the election went .
1	why did the democrat have to jam far left liberal judge down conservative throat ? every liberal judge should be investigated all the way back to grade school . the only lowlife here is you .
0	why would feinstein even waste paper on this anonymous letter she is not well .
1	and if you 're in antifa you are one of them shit for brain . here worship your queen she need her toe cheese licked out . url
0	he is always on his knee anyways
0	she is flat out lying !
0	22 kid a day . every day . url
0	beautiful craig ..... maga
0	you know who did n't have any allegation on his record brett kavanagh until one week ago when the democrat thought it up but i 'm sure any democrat nominee from now on will have someone in their past come forward and i hope the liberal are happy for bringing lowering u
0	president trump 's order to declassify fisa doc and text message just prof he is keeping his campaign promise and working to # draintheswamp # breaking # fisadocs # declassified # deepstatecorruption # politics # maga
0	on friday the krav maga world lost one of it very best krzysztof szczepanski ( kris ) lost his battle with skin cancer but not without giving it the fight of it life ! ! the world is a worse place without him and he will be sorely missed . rip brother . os
1	chicago already ha the toughest gun control law in the country . democrat want to disarm law abiding citizen but criminal will always have gun .
0	sure . whatever you say random dude . last time i checked having a negative opinion of a medium company doesn ’ t make you antifa . but congratulation on dumbest fucking thing i ’ ve heard today
0	i could n't agree more . and the union attacking her are politicizing it far more than she is by turning it into a press release . i wrote about this last year . url
0	i won ’ t even start naruto cause it ’ s just too much i started an anime on hulu yesterday called coppelion thats only one season that ’ s more my speed lol
1	it ’ s not a right mind . if it were they wouldn ’ t be conservative .
1	that suck . have plan ? you should team up with lemon !
0	# robertsrooms supporting open border candidate austin petersen . sell out # maga for payoff . url
1	i agree . those antifa nutjobs should be arrested before they start trouble again
0	le money '' . funny . the only person concerned with profit in healthcare is you . i and everyone else in the country want the carpet bagger to go fleece someone else , or better still , find something to do that doe n't involve seeking rent from essential public service . ''
1	how come liberal dont question this ?
1	bono is clearly a racist
0	thank you to everyone for making this possible you are amazing and so are the beautiful bear . i 'm a member of oliver army and i appreciate everything you do to make life better .
0	google cfo exec cry about election night in front of a crowd at a podium . she & amp ; her colleague control our election . when social medium giant support one political ideology exclusively over another it is time to treat their action a political donation subject to fec rule .
0	lmao please show me the proof of all you state . not what i said on cnn . fact just the fact . like i said funny all this pop up when all the other stunt didn ’ t stop the vote . if she is serious she can recall the house how she got there and all the important info . not that it
1	bitch what do you mean ? get it by pristin ? no ?
1	somehow i doubt that statistic you just made up in your head . url
0	1/ party conference is a good time to remind party , particularly the governing party what their mandate actually is and what it is not . what exactly is the will of the people '' on # brexit ? ''
0	i am so proud of my colleague anjali van drie ! she is such a deserving recipient of the florida association for behavior analysis-charles kimber public service award . # aba # leadership # championforfamilies
0	she is just plane nut
1	you are pathetic . this ha nothing to do with him his dad or the wall or mexico . this is about swallwell thinking it ok for liberal to threaten repubs but not the other away around .
0	not saying i disagree with you at all some of the far right stuff i ’ ve been reading lately is disgusting . but would you also say group like antifa should be banned and labelled a a terrorist organisation ? they use violence and fear tactic too .
1	dog whistle the minute one of those sob use it it 's over never would i vote for any liberal ever no such thing a a moderate or acceptable liberal there all i mean all the same some try and hide there hate but they are all scum your a fool to think they give a shit about you
0	man ... ca n't believe we 've lost these 2 a of recently . 2 most iconic actor of the 70 . url
1	wth dude ! ! ! seriously ..... you are going to critique this ? ! ? take your sorry liberal self to an antifa protest
0	that ’ s a car
0	so you are clearly admitting big name big cast also reason of sanju aye dil yeh jawani barfi suceess
0	he is jeopardizing our security ! if he want to show he favor transparency he can instead release his tax !
1	we bout to start stepping out lol i ain ’ t doing another winter with no boo bro . shit cold .... literally
1	show me who is saying that the alleged rape is her fault . pretending that swathe of conservative are blaming the victim for rape is a disgusting straw man .
0	how doe this work ? seems to me he is on the same path a washington with a deficit -the biggest deficit ever
0	the nra is now intimidated by a british cartoon . they should stay out of european animation ethic unless they want all of europe weighing in on gun control .
0	i # walkedaway .... from the and i 'm never ..... coming ... back .
0	she is free a a bird to return to her muslim homeland
0	he can get on his knee with the rest of them and stay there . one day they will be playing to empty stadium .
0	so you agree that wecht should be impeached ? yea you and your socialist antifa buddy decided to call mr dush ’ s office and abuse his staff and threaten others that cosponsored impeachment . law enforcement had to get involved !
1	he make dope as song . he ’ s a singer/writer url
0	yes she is not normal . she need a good mental check .
0	truthfeed news 'schumer and feinstein go hysterical and issue unhinged demand to delay kavanaugh vote ' # maga # 2a # prolife url
1	and most hillary supporter are racist liberal .
0	so what is the conservative policy on antisemitism ? doe it quote the international recognition if not why aren ’ t you reporting on this with a much vigour a you have done with labour ? ? ? ?
1	10kids from different woman from this american jobless men ? nigerian men you are the bomb ! ! !
0	i think she is lying about that too . i have seen no threat and i have seen a thousand comment and article on this story .
0	businessmen need to stay in business , or they go out of business # democrat who dont # walkaway have a hard time with concept like profit '' and `` result '' , so no worry if you 're still perplexed china ? all the more reason we need # trumptariffs # trumptrain # maga ''
0	16 fukin year she waited no word frm u then you pop in she hug u like a # tree # greets early light love u like deep # blue love it beating wave thereupon pour u a drink a you spill red she look # up in the cloud sad like she is still waiting 4 u # bardbits 23
0	are you still dating jj from “ goodtimes “ ? ? ? dyn-o-mite url
0	yes we need gun control . it is out of control !
1	either she is misinformed or ha no shame . i ’ m going with she ha no shame .
0	fighting for the oppressed '' ? puleeeze ''
1	not a snowball chance in hell dimwit dem . start taking losing like a man ..... err ... like a .... uhm ? whatever you identify a today . we will # maga not tired of # winning see you in november for the # redwaverising2018 you ca n't stop # scotuskavenaugh
0	at least your tombstone will have few letter . # ripm & amp ; m
1	dyrus you are a fucking worthless braindead scumfuck bastard pile of trash mental dickface that should be gunned down in the street like the degenerate you are
0	you are carrying dave . get out while you can .
1	reputation ? reputation ? she schitt her reputation away by being an antifa activist ! just like good old v.i.lenin said - a scoundrel may be useful because they are a scoundrel '' ! ''
0	you are so correct jin is a whole crackhead
0	ok with andrew bully liar touchy cheat to be kept on a a mp ? on £75k ? no anti bullying rule ? url …
0	and i have concern with ” democrat ”
0	he ha hit 20hr the past two year . he had it figured out but never got the playing time in stl . i heard from his supporter on here that is a notorious slow starter . he is going to be the starting cf next season .
0	because he hate
1	telesmokacatin ' damn that looked better in my head
1	i wa n't given the option to stay home and stack money but i always tell people if the opportunity is given take it shit hell out here
1	conservative believe attempted rape is a form of flirting . that ’ s why we ’ re getting all the “ if you look into my past you won ’ t believe what i did ” nonsense .
0	semper fi marine and follow all maga
0	i would affirm her . tell her she is beautiful but at the same time that beauty come also from wthin
0	the truth of it is that unless she ha evidence than it 's only allegation ! if there is no proof than it is only 'what she say ' against 'what he say ' ! she doe n't get mark for truthfulness just because she is a woman ; because woman can lie just a quickly a a man can !
0	rip comrade ! # antifa
1	i do but it can be done with out looking like a nazi bigot . we have to stay true to the people and change the mind of the left .. i know you aren ’ t a bigot i followed you for a reason and it ’ s because you post stuff that i like this one time i feel you are feeding the left the
0	a political novice ha outshined all of you corrupt establishment politician . we voted for him because he ca n't be bought . soros can afford it .
0	im voting for and a well a other constitutionalist republican . thank you for fighting for america . we appreciate you # maga # keepamericagreat
0	that wa in the mid-80s for god ’ s sake . i suppose next you ’ ll be blaming gordon brown ’ s gross error on churchill ’ s taking u back onto the gold standadd .
1	she is so damn cute ! def with the facial expression
0	i will think it is significant they haven ’ t moved ahead . the difficulty is that liberal over shoot and become zealous in their environmental oversight . this one seems legit . the wild life and fishing people are opposed and i ’ m sure in don jr ear . and i want to go visit ...
1	we have nothing to lose in dumping rump asap . he is a menace .
1	# maga # christineford # trump2020 # tcot # ccot # americafirst # patriot # brettkavanaugh had this to say about bill clinton during whitewater : it 's imperative to make his pattern of revolting behavior clear -- piece by painful piece . '' indeed . url
1	i used to do signifing monkey by heart . played it for the wife and she is like what the hell ?
0	12 way to use saul alinsky 's rule for radical against liberal url
0	hi ! there is your unroll : thread by 1. ok. something very strange is going on . holton-arms , the exclusive girl school of fraud blasey [ … ] '' # christineblaseyford # maga url see you soon. ``
0	his name is coco ! he is a pomeranian . he 's actually old . he 's is 12. the most loyal dog i have even known !
0	vote r in # election2018 november # gop # redwave # trump # maga
0	are we anywhere in this ? am i really just asking ( i see # slimshady everywhere in this lol ) # thegreatawakening # qanon # maga - time to all wake up to ourselves ! # thestorm # wwg1wga # jesusisback # godisgreat url
0	liberal love to hype the crouton a a financial genius , but much of his success '' wa due to downloading cost to the prov , raiding the ei surplus , etc . that said , you use the tool you have in the box , and i give him prop a a decent steward of the public purse . ''
0	isnt it wat left & amp ; liberal hve been doing in india ?
1	this guy want to be a successful producer and he is tweeting stuff like this .
1	you won ’ t hear it here ! jobless claim lowest since 1969 ( four year before you were born ) . dow in record territory ( how many time now since 1/17 ? ) . got to be a pile of shit in this room of pony ( right at # maga
0	rtd ! thank you for boosting this !
0	it wasn ’ t that long ago it wa taboo for the left to be involved in the military or weapon at all ... now they all want to be military so they can say they are gun “ expert ” and push gun control
1	corrupt dcrats in charge in pr the big problem
0	url it 's a guy . guy look like a sheila . # qanon # maga # greatawakening -crocodile dundee url
0	these headline . you are on really dangerous ground for a publicly funded company . who do you think you are ?
0	but when moochelle & amp ; obama did it ? ? ? meh
1	# kavanaugh on gun control again raise his residence in the dangerous dc area . his exposure to gun violence in bethesda is like calling yourself gangsta because you live in beverly hill .
0	ooh but coming from mr.rapist we are all the same alias and one person a 55yr old antifa granny go figure sept.30th could n't come anytime sooner is n't that right brother ( grok ) old toothless will be getting a rude awakening along with his housewife url
1	20 more vote for # democrat & amp ; let 's see ... how many murder of # conservative # justsaying url
0	nancy lee grahn you are awesome ! i have been a fan since santa barbara ! ! alex davis also rock ! ! ! ! ! thank you ! ! !
1	1. how is that gun control working in chicago ? 2. only the military ha access to assault weapon . is your ignorance from old age or are you still working for the chinese . url
1	nope . not going to miss his sorry as at all .
1	will or ask for some sort of gun control or once again do nothing ? they seem to be really good at doing nothing !
1	ball is in our court not yours
1	racist all she is . my god le then 10 % of population and cry more then other 90 put together . trump doing a great job just cause he got white skin ya do n't need hate on him over and over and over
0	give him the oscar ! !
0	because president trump and god gave u a miracle
0	twitter just banned the proud boy and alex mcginnis ! antifa ha not been banned yet they are classified a a terrorist organization . how can this be happening ! you need to do something about this !
0	there wa plenty of evidence that he wa guilty of what hill accused him of but since conf hearing are n't about guilty/innocence got on the bench . time are diff now . why a a journalist you do n't call out white supremacy/alt-right but antifa and pick on
0	no wonder antifa wunderkind wanted to work with you .
0	i am suggesting way for our climate barbie to lead by example . something liberal do n't know how to do . 5 ethic code violation will prove that .
0	no you 're not .. you 're here 2 represent the alinskyite orwellian leftist tool & amp ; fool view on thing .. like 99.9 % of the marxist & amp ; antifa similar 2u .. psst ! and b4u use the word fascist or fascism again go ahead & amp ; read d'souza 's book the big lie '' .. right now u know squat about either .. ''
0	she is trending
0	buck up buttercup !
0	this is so creepy . # walkaway
0	they eliminated several due to too many figure kid have to memorize . '' - awe . oh well . they also eliminated barry goldwater . that is a travesty . he is the father of true liberatarianism . he wa not against civil right . he wa against government having power to police thought . ''
0	show me a single case where antifa have actually murdered someone . because the far right murdered someone at charlottesville hypocrisy work both way .
0	no his stream chat lmao i raided him and he wasn ’ t reading chat like the cutie he is
0	she didn ’ t speak paris omg i can ’ t breathe
0	who remembers when this wa a leftist argument in favor of antifa right around when they first became national news
1	good- that soundtrack you dmed me with wa fire a fuck and i still listen to it often bad- my track are better ( joking i ’ m shit )
0	why cause you are unwilling to look at the science ? url
0	# muellerwitchhunt double standard - paul # manafort and # feinstein 's china spy url # deepstatecorruption # deepstate # fbicorruption # maga # kag # kag2018 # kag2020 # keepamericagreat # manaforttrial # casen # kavanaugh # confirmkavanaugh url tw308
1	agreed great idea ! wish we could also remove her from existence ! # maga # patriotsunited # prolife # proisrael # weareq . url
0	need to fund a lot thing at public school .... music and art class too . but conservative always want to pay le tax and every time they get the chance the cut funding for such thing .
0	1. i got a dig bick 2. you that read wrong 3. you read that wrong too 4. you checked 5. you smiled 7. you are wondering why you 're still this reading this 8. you saw that mistake ... right ? ( on 7 ) 9. but did you see that i skipped 6 ? 10. you checked . 30 second you wo n't get back
0	liberal can ’ t stand all the winnig ! ! . url
1	judge roy moore will masterbate to this story . # maga
0	it 's just getting so predictable .
0	bob is an old man living in the past . he ha no idea what the working class ha been through . promise from both the dems & amp ; rep career politician with their expensive law degree and never worked a day in their life . it took to finally listen and take action .
0	you mean the same way the liberal and dems are already taking them away ?
1	pres trump ha the right to release classified doc if it prof this investigation wa biased before it began . it almost 2 yr later and mueller ha nothing on trump . damage of his presidency ha occurred due to the liberal who are against him
1	it 's a pretty awesome movement . imagine if all men 's right wanktavists just fucked off to the wood and spared everyone their bullshit ? there 'd be fewer abusuve relationship and messed up kid . the sooner all the men like that go their own way into the fucking sea the better .
1	shut your as up
0	donot worry sidhuji if modi can become pm you are in making . hind national party
0	your dog — she is sooo unique and adorable
0	now thats a diffrent situation but either way you got ta appreciate considering the fact that he is actually liking it just to impress it mean he aint like that
0	this is how libs circle the wagon and protect each other .
0	further prof antifa member are larping ... you clown not john wick and this not imagination land .
1	: ( she is very evil . url
0	and i have a bridge to sell you ....
1	she probably did not think it would get this far . i hope the little sleaze doe not go to the hearing and i hope if she doe that they will prove what a liar conniving witch she and the rest of the liberal are .
0	he is probably dying due to dog fume
0	you liberal have decided to walk that dangerous line ; to allow accusation without any basis whatever . suppose someone accuses you of abusing your child . do n't you have the right to know who it is and on what basis they make the charge ? well ?
0	it ’ s too bad california doesn ’ t have any common sense gun control law that prevent criminal from doing illegal thing .
0	conservative historically go by the constitution . part of the reason for the name . the libs like to make to make it up a we progess ( ive )
0	sound like me : ddd
1	gross
0	finally ! smaller more cost effective government ! thank you conservative !
0	lol why would conservative want to hide that ? it contradicts everything ford ha claimed .
0	itne me too liberal ko burnol khana padega ....
1	oh no is he going to start painting hideous picture like and peddle socialism and gun control for everyone but himself .
0	you are so beautiful
0	10 city with a total of 30 people attending
0	i do n't know if this cat even realizes what he is doing .
1	you do know what the chant puto mean do n't you ? fined three time mean it not acceptable both are being bully . one wa done by one player the other done by the culture of a country .
1	# releasethecures # declassifyfisa # itstime # lockthemallup # wwg1wga # greatawakening # winning # qanon # maga why james comey know he 's going to be indicted — 9/14/18 - youtube url
1	good luck with that ! i dont follow along with fascist like the # resist movement and their apple and google overlord . i know what happened in ww2 and it the rhetoric they use that put u there . i dont need a god '' to see the hate spewed from # antifa and how that is wrong . ''
0	why ? chairman of young conservative whilst at oxford .
1	moral ? you mean like aborting an infant ? falsely accusing people ? antifa violence ? censoring free speech on campus ? looting ? lying a you fill the deep state ? those moral ?
1	what she is proven ? ? ? lie ? ? ?
0	a long a the democrat tout gun control a a crime reduction tactic they 'll lose .
0	don ’ t worry hun i will be sharing this everyone need to see this talent ! !
0	she is the reason i ’ m getting my life together lol
1	so sister fucker ... name one single thing obama said that wa inappropriate ?
0	following the constitution is not victimizing . and liberal in general despise the constitution .
0	& lt ; help . i should call my father to let him know you are up . i 'll be right back . i lean down placing a chaste kiss against his cheek . once i pulled away , i give him a bright smile a i walk out of the room to call my father . i know he 's & gt ; ''
0	i think you are gravely mistaken you ca n't blame the rise of fascism collective struggle of black people . all politics is identity politics and nobody freedom '' ha priority over an other . capitalism ha multiple axis of exploitation and if you ignore one you fail ! ''
0	# democracy civil disobedience is paramount '' # dumpford # dictatorship # conservative # liar # fascist # onpoli # topoli it ’ s time for ontario ’ s other municipality to stand up for local democracy url via
0	good girl
0	he 's there i think , he 's not important , you are . you 're important to me '' ''
1	dr merck just following order . abysmal little pharma troll he is .
0	exactly . he is on record basically saying the president is above the law . '' it should be noted that the # gop is fine with this . rudy ha his own issue . url
0	omg you are
0	bravo . down with cnn .
1	please do n't start with what he is concerned about . she want to go out , if he ha something planned or an idea of what to do . movie or not , it 's scary . '' avery felt like there wa something she wanted him to know , but she could n't remember what off the top of her head . ''
0	she is lying ....
0	. this seems true . at least the damage trump ha done can be undone fairly quickly url
0	# pugchat just wanted to let you know i may not be able to see my pugchat buddy tonight . grandma is working late plus she is going by the bakery to order the cake for my mom ’ s birthday this weekend .
0	billy preston said all too well : ” something from nothing leaf nothing ... ”
0	you 're on twitter so you have the internet ? here 's a condensed basic history . url
0	i think the reality is that he is ‘ truth phobic ‘
0	by 'democracy ' of course he mean the democrat party .
0	but he is right .. the death caused by the hurricane wa vastly overrated . i googled it .
0	conceal and carry is your best friend .
0	california need this man in the worst way . the liberal have almost destroyed that state .
1	go buy an antifa shirt from wal mart you lumpenprole
0	seemed bona fide to me when i did a quick check before using it ( after nicking it from a tweet i saw ) . for instance ; url
0	you are confused . jon !
1	yes he is
1	do you think that bother the evil nazi democrats/liberals they tried to rig a presidential election and framing kavanaugh is just another act of these evil nazi democrat /liberals politician to destroy democracy and america ! # walkaway # make america great ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	drama queen . # walkaway
1	# maga ... oh ... and fvkk you ! judge kavanaugh 's no more ambitious '' than some old muttafuttah like you who 's been in gd senate for the past millenium . ''
0	he need more “ gun control ! ”
0	indeed he is .
0	ptl maga
1	eric holder is an arm dealer and should be in jail how did this as slip by
0	i ’ m not going to no function with nigga that wear maga hat
0	we the people of # trumpnation stand firmly behind most complaining farmer -- whom corey booker suddenly discovered '' and think he can divide off the # maga nation -- understand that they must sacrifice a little for other american who 've been raped by # china . ''
1	i do n't know about soros , but i do know that some on the right '' do use the action of a few ( antifa ) to play identity politics and claim all on the `` left '' are violent - and that 's not helpful for anyone , is it ? ''
1	bengal v. some sorry team looking for a butt whoopin ’
1	b . people died in pr because the local government is corrupt .
0	most modern conservative are n't very bright . a lot of our founding father were slave-owners who wanted to end slavery in the u . their principle were far more nuanced and granular than modern conservative principle : shallow principle can not withstand the test of time .
0	15-year-old allison wa completely in awe of the beauty and talented of the incomparable marin mazzie . so grateful to have met such an incredible woman and be a witness to her radiance ! ! ! she is so very missed . url
1	you are such a losing democrat .... no one belief what you say ... you speak well but part of crooked democrat .... pers trump ha done more for the usa than any other president put together .... loser
0	did you even read the article in the link ?
1	calling it something different still a pac . you are for no borders= no country higher tax gun control socialist removing ice you work for illegals for brac no family texas value we arent california like jones u ppl dont even live here . stay in dc
0	your hatred is so deep that you construct the truth on how you want to see it . trump continually insist on saving social security and it wa obama who bow down to every country and apologize for america . what 's wrong with you are you that anti-american because of trump wow
1	time will tell . not the type to jump on the lefty bandwagon and demonize someone until they have had a fair chance . his policy will either be a huge failure like the liberal and result in losing the next election or they will be a success and ontario will dig out of the hole
1	it really is . my ab are lot more defined but i miss lifting heavy as weight . thank you girl !
1	i 'm talking about someone from a historical background and heritage of gun . she a roman catholic ... they are generally all for gun control . you do your research sir .
0	the crap they come up with a excuse '' come from dogooodthers , lawyer , lefty , liberal who commit their time to assisting and helping these criminal . no excuse mate , you committed a crime , you pay for it , hard and long ! ''
1	he is not qualified to be a politician and that is why i voted for him how can anyone believe the failing democratic party a all thier agenda is to discredit a successful president and economy also here is the idiot that gave iran million to support terrorist
0	we could help if you are london based
0	how dare they ! ? please miss u with all this . url
1	wellsaidshe get more negative feedback than anyone ever ! ! because she is always defending her bad behavior ! way to show her little girl how to act !
0	are they passing out money outside for this too
0	richard cephalic is what he is . ( it clinical )
0	you : ‘ are you ever going to listen to a different song ? ’ me : ‘ no. ’ * turn up volume *
0	dude .. why r u trolling ash rock z ? .. he is our guy .. just in a hurry to see bjp govt in state .
0	hahahaha .. how lucky you are sor to witness din kakulitan live and on the spot ! inggit me sir . and laugh your pain ang peg ni capt . barber ! # pushawardsmaywards
0	you are not the true columbia bugle . gfy
1	this is mainly fault . he is to blame
0	why because ford accused him of something 36 year ago and won ’ t testify . liberal he ’ d this for month and came out now . i think liberal are the one who took a gamble
0	if they do this then i 'm all for the former in that scenario with regard to antifa .
0	g'day monique , your son is very handsome . i guess he is going to follow mom 's foot step and become a forest pathologist '' ! ! lol ``
1	. maybe kavanaugh should withdraw , spare country tinderbox '' hearing # ttt url what are you afraid of ? he is going to be on the court and the gop is going to expand their majority . you are pissing on a red ant hill ''
1	oh my carmen . he is so fricking cute
1	well unless you live in another country he is your president . he won by a long shot ! ! ! nobody wanted hillary cause they knew it wa be the same a useless obama policy that did nothing .
1	lol she is such a troll im so glad she went away and all u trump supporter told her to gtfo . thank god we got a real superstar in who is going to actually fight for everyone no matter who they choose to vote for . is n't she awesome ! please join u we rly need ur help !
0	mickie is 39 now ? she is on her way out .
0	he is looking for a place to hide
0	bo is bitterly po ’ d that donald trump presidency ha made him look like the bad president that he wa .
0	did you see shanahan say spoon wa not 100 % healthy this game ? obviously no excuse if you ’ re out there but maybe it ’ s not the “ all is doom ” sort of thing it seemed during the game . maybe he is still pretty good .
0	maybe she ’ s just mad that you don ’ t “ attack ” her enough that she is getting a much work a she did at the height of her “ victimhood ” period ? i always told you that she only got that much work for that long wa by parlaying victim point from your criticism into work offer .
1	his back hole will look like the holland tunnel we he get to the male prison
0	pretty much how the majority see it !
1	he didnt say that when he raped his daughter friend ( 16 year old ) and not too long after she committed suicide
0	get him off what ? lol you better wake up and look around you . liberal want anarchy and no law and to keep giving away your hard earned money to people who refuse to work . then they sit back in their big gated house in their lily white world and forget all about you .
0	gun control is not about gun . gun control is about control .
1	those vg/hc sticker i see on truck -- exclusively truck , never car -- seem like asshole indicator . i ca n't say for sure because i 've never actually spoken to someone who 's like yes , hockey should involve more punching people '' but .... yeah it seems bad ''
0	wrong 60 % did n't vote pc so that doe n't mean the 60 % who did n't should shut up . likewise a 1/3 voted ndp so not a majority by any mean but a sizeable minority . actually liberal and green have similar position too and vote wise those three are majority .
0	why because she is female or because of your dislike of conservative ?
1	exactly ! she wa sorry till she found people to cosign her bullshit . idiot . the pair of them .
1	no just imagining if we found a picture of bret holding a woman like this . liberal will go insane
0	see i told you ! ! ! ! ! ! she is despicable ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1	that ’ s exactly what you evil liberal do . you try to intimidate people so they can step down . i guess bullying is ok when it ’ s done by liberal
1	then haul your fat as in harm way you druggie ! ! !
0	exactly what i think .
1	i agree . there are obese people trying to change the way they are . good luck to them . not lazy . tess_holliday is doing the opposite . she is actively promoting that it good and beautiful to be obese . it not . and it down to being lazy and greedy . simple science
0	remember that time cited a very clearly and well-known fake antifa account in your paper ? good time .
0	it 's the same slippery slope '' argument used very successfully by the gun lobby margaret . sure it 's way outside the normal conversation but probably 60 % of the country buy into that narative about gun control . so what 's the difference if the woman 's lobby us it ? ''
1	everything he just said . is exactly why we need gun control . it ’ s about saving life . nothing else matter just saving life . some people get bent out of shape over the second amendment . it ’ s my right . cry ! put your feeling away coward ! put your gun away coward . gun=coward
0	so . . . wait . . . why were the robot there ?
0	super storm sandy hit the north east . i agree with you though . people here have a bad idea of the east coast and it 's pretty cool . the north east get all 4 season at least . we get rain and summer .
0	all because she referred to potus a “ the donald ” . she is now “ the jourdan ” because of that letter . cc :
0	in case of antifa take a little bat or something . good for you- more of should do that kind of thing .
0	check out my blog post on scooter !
0	after slamming the book shut , she carefully balance it on her chair 's armrest . very well . you are forgiven . '' with a flick of her wrist , she motion for him to lift his head . `` you stand before vei'aran xilhatarra , first of the argentborn . why have you sought me ? '' ''
0	should i share the quote from notable u.s conservative ?
0	yea so no more gun control debate . just slur
0	she ’ s vile & amp ; hateful & amp ; just not funny . she need to stay out of the news for the next 10 year until none of u remember how terrible a person she is ...
0	hi bee gee ! ! ! you are so cute ! ! !
0	the right to protest . protesting during the anthem cause people to not even recognize what he is protesting nobody 's even talking about the issue just the fact that he 's kneeling during the anthem which is counterproductive
0	no phone allowed url
0	i ’ m so sorry for what you are dealing with . hope the next place will be much better !
1	the liberal took over
0	rich you are my og follower .. i had 2 311 fan follow me first but they have hardly ever tweeted .. so u get the honor
1	u a dickhead for that
0	they need too but he is wylin right now sitting out like this
0	i will get on my knee and thank god that people love america .
0	she is absolutely adorable what a good mommy you take good care of her .
1	communist : liberal get the bullet , too . '' me : `` wow f * ck you ! '' communist : `` you are excluding instead of unifying . '' ''
0	wow . delusional antifa here . determining that someone ha or ha not been involved in many protest . already judging and deciding for others . typical facist hiding behind the term antifa . much like jim jones . scary .
0	coming from a person from chicago ... kook !
1	they had conservative silently tied up in the cellar for dexades . they 're livid we got out and now have a voice in the white house ascend they want to put u back . they 're trying to silence u any way possible . we need to burn them all in the midterm . once and for all
0	you are literally one of the most beautiful people i have ever seen in my entire life and i want you to know that .
1	jail is too kind for a # pedovore - where is the prosecution ? ? # agsessions is the church getting away with pedo crime ? what the hell is he holding ? is that a tentacle ? wth # pedogatenews
1	congratulaions . . . who were terrific . . . dont let some fucked up umpire ruin thing for you . . . he 'd be happy he did .
1	donald trump said mr cruz is a lying dog you ca n't trust him or his wife said his father wa involved with shooting president the president in texas in dallas america ca n't trust him he is a lier then how can he stand up for him down there in texas campaing
0	he is asleep . am i that boring ? ?
0	she is a activist a woman ’ s me too movement whackadoodle .
0	we need complete and total gun control now . philly need to follow in the footstep a chicago and london . # democraticsocialismnow # nomoreguns
1	yea your the bitch on the right getting smacked url
0	you stated the 1994 awb wa constitutional . i asked you to provide the scotus case . the response about the alleged support for gun control to that is a complete non sequitur .
0	it 's about time the # gunsense crowd started calling for police to be disarmed . no more gun control exception for the police ! at least you 're being more logically consistent in your quest to have criminal be the only one with gun .
1	this is like when shitty restaurant advertise their “ voted # 1 world famous crabcakes ” but nobody can tell you who voted and nobody who life outside a 10-mile radius ha ever actually eaten there .
1	why are you so fucking good .
0	actually i avoid purple because everyone love it and i ’ m addicted to pissing people off . i also detest the color purple . url
0	proud of you too ! you hold down the fort for u on sensible gun control . ty ! # enoughisenough
0	could be romford young conservative !
1	do n't dignify her stupidity by posting her comment ! ! !
0	it 's same video posted before . what i did wa note that if different race had been in play , it would have been considered hate . '' thus , by objective standard , either that wa `` hate , '' or you liberal ca n't complain about negative reference to `` black men . '' bye-bye , race card . ''
1	if that wa my missus horse he ’ d fuck right off and have u chasing him like bell end
0	perhaps he belief a did the revolutionary at the time of the start of our country that the people need protection from a runaway government like the one the liberal are proposing by their action which would take away your right .
0	idk some antifa nut job
1	obviously they do not care who they ruin due to their attack on conservative .... the left is out of control and blind a a ! ! ! ! !
0	fuckin love king tulip
0	carrey is truly mentally ill. he ’ s completely disturbed with no concept of reality .
1	bill clinton enjoyed raping them while ted kennedy enjoyed killing them . but you are cool with that .
0	let 's get to the bottom of this ! dm me your zipcode and i 'll check it out . we have your back and we will make sure you are enjoying the best that tv ha to offer asap ! * nevinbruce
0	president trump is fighting for the american worker and american job ! # maga url
0	conservative not showing support on nafta talk give the u more power . they are not doing our country any favour by publicly criticizing the ongoing talk for their own political gain .
0	she is like one of those bag lady '' you see on the street or a bus , mumbling , cursing out loud , talking to herself or anyone that will listen . please , go away ! url
1	again another b * * * * * * * story no one is watching football because of this a * * * * * *
0	. show data won ’ t convince supremacist that aca + gun control are good for them . they know + still vote against their interest ( because : racism ) . the question to ask is not ‘ how to change their mind ? ’ but ‘ how to win election ? ’ # valuinghealth2018
0	he is crazy ! !
1	henry is so fucking great and wa def my # sickkidsinlove inspo and i love him and his death is a problem
0	and zero accomplishment
0	it ’ s never been about that ! ! everything about color if public safety wa a concern there would be more gun control e.g assault rifle
0	wtf do you think antifa mean
0	who she think she is to talk to a referee like that and expect everyone to support her ! or treat her specially ?
1	hey woodward : you are a silly old fart and do not know what is going on in the white house . you are the one who ha reached a mental stage yourself of alzheimers
0	why do you think liberal hate gun ? bc we don ’ t think military weapon should be in civilian life ? please .
0	believe in something , even if it mean sacrificing everything . '' # maga url
1	that asshole ha so much nerve . unreal .
1	guy ugly and unhinged .
1	he is fake lol
0	he is our president and im of him
1	thanks for being a bad bitch we can believe in url
0	his protest is indeed a right a it is my right to make sure none of my money go to the nfl or anything he support including nike .
1	simply to get the smear campaign going by the medium . the democrat want a he said under oath while she ’ s supposed to get a pas on her she said lie . this woman is a fraud in cahoot with the liberal to delay & amp ; divert until midterm .
0	my therapist had a baby in august so been seeing a sub . she is very good at it but my real therapist is wonderful . ha helped me so much
0	she is all woman . url
0	global clash between liberal and conservative . shastrartha style .
1	20. close tie w/nra & amp ; funding more imp than people 's life & amp ; sensible gun control ; 21. attempting to defend planned parenthood whilst at same time rolling back intelligent sex education & amp ; replacing with abstinence only teaching which is just fucking stupid ;
0	* go to song suffragette * waitress : “ there ’ s a $ 15 minimum food and drink charge ” me to waitress : “ who do you think you are ? ”
0	he is evading suspension
0	seriously no word of a lie though i am all done with live feed after she is evicted . i can not handle another second of all the other houseguest
0	thank you so much ! we just spent 1 hour talking . he is broken-hearted and i hate it so bad for him .
1	. she . is the most powerful woman on this earth oh my fucking god url
0	lying to the fbi is a crime # maga # magats url
1	liberal .... cry and complain that all they do url
0	pulling out all the stop with no hold barred is the battle tactic/strategy of the usual secular-progressive , democrat , or msm archetype . before our country ... constitution is lost conservative and republican must say , no more mr./m 's . nice person ! '' ''
1	i thought that i could not dislike anyone more than your father but i wa wrong . you are even more pathetic than he is . your child must be so proud to have a father who behaves like you . tick tock .... # muelleriscomingforyoutoo # patheticlittlemanjr
1	and he is planning to run in 2020 ? joe lost his natural mind ...
0	if the justice system is working against american value then the result of this graph would be a badge of honor for our great president and his supporter ! stop the liberal dead in their track ! # notbakingyourcake # proudtolovejesus
1	lolol god he is such an a * * hole .
0	# mohammadhassankhalid is a # traitor to the # usa & amp ; to his fellow # islamist he is unlikely to enjoy a long happy healthy life based on very poor decision making skill & amp ; value
0	because they don ’ t exist !
1	whenever conservative lose a court ruling , they bitch and moan about activist judge or agenda judge . '' whenever anyone else loses a court ruling , they accept that they lost a court ruling . conservative are whiny baby . ''
1	please call trump out for what he is ... a narcissistic sociopath !
0	eminem did gun control '' a machine gun kelly come back ''
1	100 % he is the messi of goalkeeping goat
0	you are a bright star for texas .
1	and this traitor think he is ?
0	this is n't me disagreeing this is me basically saying that i hope you 're right but if you are i will spontaneously combust
0	then support meaningful gun control and there would n't be atrocity like that to use ? do n't want them raising money for good cause ? eliminate the disaster ! # trumpisamoron # stopkavanaugh # nytimesopedbyqanon
1	... it will be hard to believe any female accuser ... ever again ... especially liberal who lie for personal and political gain ... url
1	it ’ s so weirdly vicious and bitter to extrapolate from ‘ everyone should have access to decent healthcare ’ to ‘ liberal think all criminal should be free. ’ it reveals a pretty brutalist and impenetrable mind .
0	first thing that come to mind is another liberal hit job '' this is the damage liberal ( libtards ) are doing actual victim of sexual assault .................. they inciting doubt in everyone 's mind . democrat are not a champion of woman , nor minority ....... they covet power url
0	we ’ ve also written a post about 5 metric to measure the success of your b2b podcast : url
1	if he is implying that he is an agent of the devil 's will then i fully agree !
1	what happened to your kid ? how are they still alive ? you are a backstabber and a fraud
1	all that money had n't made u smarter .
1	it 's amazing how low you liberal will go to suit your political agenda . do n't believe you one bit . have a good feeling you will pay the price for this . produce some evidence
1	something don ’ t seem right about this all year long massive shooting and talk about gun control make me think the government is behind this crap url
0	if you are being led by the spirit why did n't you 10 deliver him from that spirit ?
0	are you pro-choice ? are you pro - aca ? are you for reasonable gun control ? where can we find your stand on issue ?
0	antifa brought to you by carl 's jr
0	she wa drunk , this rape is her fault . '' `` he wa drunk , this rape is n't his fault . said no one , except the cry liberal making more stuff up . you guy are laughable . ''
0	sad day for all liberal
0	it ’ s up to the pres he ha all the fact
0	bring out his antifa criminal son to campaign for him
0	term limit wo n't work any better than gun control for the same reason . in particular for the congress .
0	not what the conclusion say in the paper . do you know what experiment they did ? you are just like an creationist that blindly believe what the news say . you are like an catholic that beliees every word of the pope .
0	she is .
0	i do n't think you know what you 're advocating for . and you certainly do n't know that saying what you said lead to a bunch of shit you probably would n't like whether that 's what you meant or not .
0	watch this please ! james & amp ; gavin discus antifa # resistance actually in the doj using their position to target specific american
1	i shitted/shat ytd and lost 0.6kg can u believe it
0	url you must love djt more then i do you are obsessed with him .
0	wow ! i like this lady more & amp ; more ! ! ! she is such a fighter & amp ; a blessing ! ! !
0	we are done debating . we win debate all the time and you liberal win by doing what you want in govt and elsewhere . we are going to defeat you in every way you defeated u now . be prepared .
1	bruh this ? ? ? lmaooo
0	is for everyday working men and woman . vote republican and keep trump and his policy . a vote for a will cost you money folk . # maga # winning url
1	# feinstein need to go . her husband should be investigated for his # china deal and the post office deal . she is conflicted and this is below dignity
1	# dickdurbin is from illinois . # chicago ha the strictest gun control and is a gang and drug killing field . url
1	far right bastard . they are literally everywhere . luckily we have far left extremist like antifa and jeremy corbyn 's supporter to act a a counter balance . url
1	sorry but bloodsucker are bad almost a bad a elf like you are dating an undead monster who cant be controlled and even if they can be controlled you 'll die before her and make her have mental issue
0	the antifa of the muslim world
0	awwh thank alooot bhabi you are so sweet love you
1	* accept . i don ’ t hate men . i don ’ t hate conservative . i hate stupid . and i hate hypocrite . and the fact that you think being a conservative matter at all in this matter mean to me that you are not so much into law and order a you think you are .
0	she is also the rock wife
0	epic fail
0	she wa so freaking happy when she got her 'no ' from kavanaugh . i seriously hope she ha him for perjury or at least can force recusal . either way she is an immensely elegant speaker cut from the same cloth a obama who i badly want to run in 2020 .
0	funny how i never get asked to vote in any of these fake poll
1	good bitch ! ! ! the hood missed you crazy thing is i just wa saying how em smoke out by your house used to be lit everyday
1	i dimly remember an econ theory that might apply to chicago . what wa it ? “ gun and butt-hurt ? ”
0	you are funny url
0	cause gun control worked so well for chicago ?
1	even her brother think she is a monster : url
0	clarence thomas wa branded by democrat but ha served honorably and well for over 20 yr . hater are gon na hate all conservative .
1	so she can ’ t be effected by the radiation but killed . i hope he mention lady gaga witch . since she is the only known immortal witch and supreme
0	baby brennan boo who i don ’ t have a security clearance . get lost brennan
1	i hope they beat his as in private .
0	look like you are the one some simple thing need n't be explained
0	we are in this mess because people are stupid and lazy that 's why the conservative are in and she 's screwing u over
0	ah she is no
0	excuse you . she is the best . she just want to hang .
0	weird how antifa thug attacking regular people ( aka the far right ) never get reported . no wonder sky news ’ s rating have plummeted by 37 % since 2012 .
0	liberal did n't give juanita broderick a chance to be heard or keith ellison 's accuser . ca n't have it both way .
0	you are really enjoying ei
0	ppl must realize by now hrc only speaks when she is told to speak and only what she is supposed to say . hrc hasn ’ t had an original thought since college and probably before . research her pa with her s guard and you will see how calm and considerate she is !
0	girl power
0	have you seen or listened to your antifa pal ?
0	you are not robin williams
1	even kavanaugh said roe v wade is a settled law . she is spewing a narrative that doe not exist . trump also said the same .
0	thank you for your conscience and action .
1	it sure it here . those other photo of her were from decade ago . she is a complete liberal antifa . she can not be trusted . i do n't believe her . not a whit .
0	dick drunk ..... it ’ s the real deal .
0	you are a good man ! i love people who love animal !
0	that ’ s the most nonsense i ’ ve seen in one tweet ever ! !
0	love watching replay of election night 2016. and watch the medium completely m let down .
0	haha the devil himself . now exposed could not wait any longer to call for the wall not too be built .
0	doe this mean you do n't share the left 's usual view on the 2nd amendment or doe the constitution a the liberal say change with the time '' ? ''
0	2be clear i fully support free speech . but especially when libertarian and conservative are being silenced i do n't want to read leftist trash talk in my timeline . i do n't want them censored . i just do n't remember following them . but it is enough that i can personally block .
1	i would name my dog breed but i have no fucking clue what he is
1	i would be worse than her licking that as
1	bono is an idiot !
0	can you confirm ! that you are a patriot url
0	a good example of - democrat gun control url
0	attention ! is publicizing a target list for antifa on his twitter account . this list ha high profile name and name of random trump supporter . please check his list for your name and report him to
0	# releasethecures # declassifyfisa # itstime # lockthemallup # wwg1wga # greatawakening # winning # qanon # maga guess who ! url # bitchute
0	sorry you are having issue . please send an email to feedback with a description of your issue and the email address associated with your account . thanks .
1	both side have promised wall since ever y should anyone believe anything they say ? ? ? ? ? ? promised since 1986
0	so do you think she is a christian ?
0	“ because you are alone ” dang mama chu isn ’ t taking any prisoner
0	no thanks open border gun control this is not texas
0	do n't be so humble ... you and your liberal here on twitter do nothing but divide american ... you deserve the credit .
1	hopefully they don ’ t get shot because of repug inaction on gun control .
0	got beat by wwe .... take another knee .
0	pearl bhaiya you are amazing
0	well done so many people will benefit from medical research hope it all work out matt # maga
0	* your love for one another is the starlight in the darkness that surround you . may that luminous love sustain you until the first day of rain clean the heartache you are enduring and wash away the pain . * # rememberingedward
1	reading this thread it sure seems like your follower are n't for gun control after all jimmy
1	what the fuck wa that dildo rider antifa fuck going on about ?
0	republican do n't believe in expanding government . conservative want to shrink government .... you are a fake conservative .... you are a treasonous fraud .... enjoy russia
1	i can ’ t cuz that nigga retarded smh
0	he is doing life tho
0	ed rendell say dems will retake house by 10 to 20 seat '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	now do gun control
0	thank you sir i am a r.e developer in boston the market is on fire god bless and we are all behind you # maga
0	it ’ s funny what you conservative consider “ fact ” url
0	lol .. why do n't they ever do it in the head to protest trump .. also are n't these people all for gun control ? tweet tweet . url
0	tell u how you really feel about # america bill maher # maga # votered
1	lol shit i just said this on your other tweet
0	you can compare any two country you like and you ’ ll always find the one with stricter gun control ha a lower murder rate with no pattern in democratic freedom .
0	you ’ re from my state . what is your view on gun control ?
0	you are the deep state .
0	she is a gorgeous little mini you .
1	he is a coward .
0	booker is toast !
0	this is disgusting that this is happening . strictest gun control law - not working . maybe legally allow people to arm themselves for protection - lighten up those tough gun rule that are n't working . too many life are lost in chicago .
0	super sexy
0	there is no clear relationship between strict gun control legislation and homicide or violent crime rate . '' interesting phrasing . and for that particular question swearer go overwhelmingly international to disprove a correlation . ''
0	her strong character ? ? she is corrupt through and through .... her house of card is falling fast . just a matter of time .
0	i had faith that you were going to win that last battle but sparking instant transmission goku is the god of legend and i ’ m telling you he is outstanding url
0	where are the capital police ? why let the leftist make a joke of our law . # maga # arrestclintoncrimegangalready # nochainmigration # trump2020 # spygate ig report prof seditious conspiracy uscode18ch115sec2384 yep 20yrs jail time
0	no i do n't know . but i know he is one heck of a patriot who preached the unity of the people of # ethiopia when it wa costly to do so .
1	question : hows that gun control law up the as they have working out for them ?
1	fuck a drug test
0	they only reason they believe her is because she ’ s sabotaging kavanaughs chance of being a supreme court justice . these elitist and radical liberal will do anything to sabotage trump presidency .
1	make yourself useful and go bury your head in the sand .
0	you are so funny . lol rolling about the floor laughing uncontrollably !
1	he is so full of b !
0	here she is
1	did you just say he ? he ha a female name . he is actually a she . actually get your fact right before making a stupid statement . everyone know the game get stale after a few month and the new dlc make it interesting again .
0	# sadnews : what # republicans/ # conservatives/ # deplorables forget am # democrats/ # liberals/ # tolerables also am # wethepeople/ # americanpeople .
0	congratulation for surpassing 10 million sub on youtube bhuvan sir you are first indian to cross 10 million sub
1	yes it did ... and it 's on editorial ... is joe q the editor of x-men ... no he is n't ... he is editor in chief . he is the bos of all the other editor ... sooo he wa n't responsible ... i should n't be arguing because this is stupid ...
0	she is a lib registered democrat . and thats all we need to know .
1	then resign . you have done nothing to check el presidente . you are part of the swamp and hold no nebraska value ! resign
1	getting scared ugly man ?
0	because she “ is a woman ? ? ” . uh .. wasn ’ t her opponent a woman ... not getting your ill formed point here .
0	she is so gorgeous url
0	look at antifa ..
0	i do n't understand why conservative place so much faith on having a majority conservative in scotus ... we have forgotten than we 've had 8-1 and 6-3 up there and roe v. wade wa not overturned .
0	thank g-d that he is gone for now & amp ; hopefully for good !
0	yes you are
0	and when logic fails , you are n't a twitterer like me ! i am sooo special , i have follower ! i believe , i believe ! ! ! ! stop it with your dumb fact ! ! ! ! ! '' megy you are entertaining ! ! ! ''
0	o.k . conservative get to the poll . vote red .
0	look like # antifa to me .... just saying . url
0	he is a slimy a that hair dont !
0	doe anyone even care what these to useless piece of sh & amp ; t say or think ?
0	funny thing about these meme map . south carolina and cook county illinoise have very similar demographic and population . cook county ha more than twice a many murder a my home state with all that gun control . start comparing apple to apple ...
1	just because some flaky pink hat wearing woman say so ? try again . where ’ s the police record and the like . tired of liberal thinking they can lie to ruin someone ’ s life because they don ’ t like trump
0	i hope all remember and think real '' hard . folk , you are just a carbon reduction to them . and they are looking for more . url
0	tough to say because football manages to appeal to all side of the spectrum except maybe the far most liberal ... ( sorry for the rant lol )
1	what the fuck game are you watching ?
0	google ha evolved into something that belongs out of stalinist russia . the goolag need to be decommissioned .
0	they 're trying .. it 's called antifa !
0	the issue is her volatile temper-she once threatened a lineswoman . clearly the $ 10.5k penalty imposed wa not harsh enough because she is a repeat offender . if you get caught speeding/jaywalking and are fined-odds are you think twice before doing it again
1	did this happen when she played her sister ? “ mom ! ! ! ! serena beat me over my head with the tennis racket again. ” “ now . now . mommy will bake you some cooky and tell you how your sister is marginalizing your existence . ”
0	and you are ? lol
1	she is such a witch
0	wa there any specific comment that brought up this point recently ? and yes you are speakin da troof
0	# sesamestreet doe this mean we can expect to see outraged conservative burning their child 's toy in protest ? and what about big bird and snuffy ? ? ? i always thought there wa a little something going on there ...
0	it ’ s a brilliant idea ! since all the liberal want open boarder we have to pay for them someway what would you suggest ? build the dam wall and start taking care of the american people ! ! trump 2020 # draintheswamp
0	i ’ m not sure about your point with gun control and the nra but i agree with you about selling liquor and still wanting people to drink responsibly . i would not be able to do it but i understand people in that industry do which make good business sense for them .
1	liberal are all kookoo ! ! !
0	i am for the kneel . my sister perspective is when you are on the job do your job . '' i take that to mean they arent allowed to peacefully protest `` on the job . '' i disagree . ''
0	romy omfg im sooo glad i met you too bff for life ! you are the best i love talking to you
0	he need a long look in the mirror
0	we are here for q and the revolution . do not allow the shiny object to divide . take a step back and look at all of it from that way . # maga # wethepeople .
0	he might want to visit new mexico where there are 5 radical muslim .
1	it ’ s in my fuckbucket
0	the entire idlib border is filled with hts url
1	after the twitter purge wa over and black nba twitter changed their account back from maga white folk url
0	you are an inspiration and fierce ! # healthyliving
0	nothing abusive should ever be done to anyone ! including the woman and people of this country she is putting under horrible stress worrying about what she is going to do . this should have been an easy no '' from her if she is who she say she is . and i agree with you gabby ! ''
0	name them . who are these conservative '' who are driving this dump truck of yours , and when they were passionate about deficit . name them . who are they ? ''
1	you mean cheating allegation . not sexual harassment or assault it wa about cheating . big difference . we all know fact scare liberal . if you are so concerned about sexual assault you need to shout for the name on the slush fund to be revealed . until than have a seat
1	coward answer question what have i posted on that is not factual a a staunch conservative and pro israel i post positive fact to counter canadian medium helping liberal trudeau assault on conservative and israel . you are either ignorant or a liar .
1	rené , it is not your fault . '' she doe not specify just what is n't . all of it . he did not make his father do anything . his father chose to be the coward he wa . at he question , her hand rose to her throat , clasping it lightly . she is ravenous . she ha been for some time- ''
0	alt right & amp ; antifa are for coward . # fact # tuesdaythoughts url
1	folk not a protest against our great president . this wa pure and simple a way to bring on more gun control . weapon on campus ( gun free zone ) carried a concealed weapon ( illegally ) . this guy just trying to cause more gun control otherwise he 'd of shot himself in the head .
1	conservative , if you are not a gun '' person , i believe you need to become one . if these nov. election do n't go well for the dishonest dems , i think the violence will get worse . all conservative will need to be able to defend themselves and their loved one . ''
1	whoever you are you deserve this url
0	melting snow flake
0	they 're falsifying a prefabricated story that is hurting woman who actually have and will experience this . # walkaway # gorkeddems # maga # wwg1wga url
1	because obama ha zero accomplishment . he is the worst president r leader of any country hand down . it show the liberal lunacy when they worship a total loser . they do n't know what they want .. no party goal . nothing except complain about trump accomplishment . fu * k liberal .
1	you are a dope . a delusional libtard . ask the govoner of puerto rico about the fantastic response by our president
1	shut up man you are useless
0	a security specialist deflected to the conservative ? i do n't know how to take this .
1	no she 's not she is looking for a job by being controversal . she is very bitter
1	2/5 basic argument : canada passed gun law , but all gun crime did not stop . therefore .... gun regulation is ineffective . only source for grand claim that gun control is an expensive failure and doe not have a measurable effect on crime '' is article by gun advocate gary mauser . ''
0	‘ whoa-bama ! ’ dismayed michelle obama fan suffer sticker shock over price of book tour ticket url # sitroom # thelead # outfront # ac360 # npr # pbsnews # pbsnewshour # tcot # tlot # maga # nyc # boston # baltimore # cleveland # chicago # milwaukee # denver # philadelphia # la
0	this video made me join antifa .
0	he ha been attending meeting regularly so maybe we should consider her for polit bureau url
0	no it ’ s not .
1	his fruit come not only from his mouth ; he is a liar and a deceiver . he is definitely not a catholic — he like to re-form the church to his own image .
1	he is !
0	antisemitism is alive and well in the uk !
0	you already know he is and then blown coverage that gave ole miss td
1	homer losing his boner over this is very petty there wa a resemblance but again even if she is if they are n't shoving it in our face then it okay
1	liberal wouldn ’ t know the first thing about “ doing the right thing ”
0	1. have we thought about gun control in uganda ? 2. do we have record of most of the gun in the country ? 3. do we have law controlling our border ? 4. who is safe ?
0	like london with land banked luxury apartment but little or no social housing built .
0	i didnt know my statement wa for your entertainment but the root of this problem is conservative dont root for serena even though she is the greatest america female tennis player to play the game . so of course they will side with the ref and it all stem from racial resentment
0	never going to happen . bernier split that party . they won ’ t be in power . all the hard core conservative out west are with bernier .
0	the petty semantics regarding antifa . you are better then that .
0	she is a beautiful person to teach value to her kid . teaching them they are royalty but keep to keep it from going to their head . stay real
1	good lird she is a disgusting representation of a human being
0	great job winning this debate tonight ! ! ! ! you are clearly the best candidate for u . can ’ t wait to vote for you on tuesday .
0	liberal live in fantasy land . url
1	henny ... why do you outside . where u and ya pussy as sister at . we just wan na talk
0	.. long live satire ! - if we can not cut to the truth in this way then we may a well call it a day ...
0	i love your movie so much and i think you are amazing and beautiful
0	oh yeah i ’ m down if you are
1	liberal today r very different from classical liberal . liberal today have gone so far left they r marxist . you 're burying your head in the sand if you think neo & amp ; classical libs are the same . trump is so authoritarian '' people can say what they want about him & amp ; not be killed . ''
0	them dread be dry asfuck my dude
1	hiya sexy p s bolna xxx
0	and people think gun control will stop violence ?
0	he is not supreme court worthy
0	you are bringing up honor and decency ? with that yoyo in the picture ? that 's rich .
0	lookin good ! ! he is a pretty awesome guy !
0	maybe not where you are .
0	back in my day the boy were n't drunk but they scream patty-raid '' and we girl would scream and giggle and never thought they were going to kill u . hooker harris need to examine her own closet . ''
0	milk is meant for calf not human . give your head a wobble
0	in poker i would definitely move all in on this woodward bluff . when did bob become a shill . hope the c_i pay well bobby .
1	he is a pedo .
0	you meant to say for yourself . now is it time to talk about gun control ?
1	a black hobag
0	lol ... a liberal trying to make other liberal sick what a maroon
1	# foolish why because some # idiot are doing whatever they can to sabotage him and ? liberal are acting completely immoral and have no respect for those million of legal voter who voted for # letsgovern
0	what do you do when you are bored ? # askally
0	if you seem like a nice person ? maybe if people got to know you they could see that you are worth to be cared about ?
1	how is paying tax optional ? tax evasion is a crime . we have human right law and the 1a ; your opinion on this issue is preposterous . gilliam is not anti 2a . sensible gun control that would prevent mentally ill people like you from owning a gun is all we want .
1	agreed ! it ’ s not gun control they want - it ’ s people control . without gun we are helpless and they know it ! our founder knew this too - # 2a
1	36 year ago i wa sexually assaulted by a supreme court nominee , but i would like to remain anonymous so that i do n't have to answer question . this is basically a smear campaign because i am a democrat and do n't want conservative with a majority on scotus . '' ''
1	# republican grow some ball and start playing dirty like these liberal asshole do ! url
0	i raise you with the lion if the senate . he actually killed someone yet liberal continued to send him to back to congress for 47 year . blather on url
0	like if andrea come up to you and offer it i believe you should get it because you earned it . i ’ ve thought that since the beginning of the 1989 tour and i just now met her last week . if you are offered you ’ re not “ taking someone else ’ s slot ” because it wa you that wa offered .
0	antifa are defined by one striking statistic - virtually none are parent . why ?
0	at least you are honest lmao
0	he should have done that with obama
0	fair point - let me restate : ( many ) liberal * tend * towards using evidence of prejudice and discrimination a a justification for treating distinction between citizen and migrant a arbitrary .
1	i do love you but do n't give him an excuse .. he is n't mentally ill he is a dangerous idiot ! ! ! !
1	literally . you are literally a crazy person .
1	a little note for -the bible ( have you ever read that ? ) say that if the holy spirit is in u that we can fight off the devil . you lie and claim that you are holy ( no human is holy by the way ) so how dare you blame the devil ? your new name is pope false prophet '' . ''
0	conservative can be respected up until the point where they start winning .
0	orwell wa antifa . : )
1	that is the same old crap spewed by the liberal ( msm ) . they are disgusting !
0	sorry and yes you are very wrong a most people who don ’ t read the science behind the generation and subsidy are . my page is a good place to start but reading 10-20 book on the subject will get you some excellent schooling . very complex .
1	me think you 're full of shit .
0	me cuz i have none
0	conservative send two in opposition ( taxpayer dollar ) to one popular vote prime minister !
0	evidence against manafort wa substantial and beyond reasonable doubt '' on 8 count . he wa found guilty in court , any other spin is useless . this is how our system work . if manafort had problem with verdict he can appeal them , he is not . ''
1	also cancel school debt '' is the most stupid of all of her idea . and far left idea of free college is bigoted idea . no wonder conservative call u `` elitist '' . who is going to pay for technical/trade school 4 those who are not `` book smart '' ? crazy ! ''
1	please show me your post where you said the same thing about conservative targeted by antifa and other leftist friend of yours # hypocrite
0	he us common sense
0	i 'm sure most patient would prefer to be treated in a professional and transparent manner by the nh rather than being packed off to some carpet bagging health company hoping to squeeze a shareholder dividend out of an essential public service monopoly .
1	actually nvm dc animated film are the shit
1	a videographer who reported on the violence of antifa wa found dead due to a tragic car accident . police now believe his death wa no accident at all . welcome to the tolerant left . url
0	is way too good to be out of the # nfl . he is better than quite a few starter in the league and better than all of the 2nd & amp ; 3rd string qb 's in the league . # givekapachance # imwithkap
0	some day you are louis winthorpe iii before he met ophelia . url
1	if this yutz wa any dumber she 'd have to be watered twice a week !
0	did you are aware about the awful management on the baja tri race '' is happening ? ''
0	i do n't mind her going to a sleepover ! a long she is safe and protected ! !
1	maybe he wa smart enough to get on the # trumptrain and tired of getting run over by it ! unlike you and your sycophant .. url
1	don ’ t even know the subject but i ’ ll side with sarandon only because she ha class ( even if i disagree with her ) against the classless rambling fool .
1	he ’ s made a gun control shift a well . check his talking point from last cycle .
1	wa al gore nominated for supreme court judge ? you conservative have some nerve .
1	also she 's thick a shit despite her posh brainy voice '' on qt when the `` refugee '' crisis wa at it 's peak , she said they should come in because there may be surgeon & amp ; dentist amongst them.fecking leftie lunatic. # scruffbag ''
0	he want to be the senator of north mexico .
1	moron - real american are proud of our accomplishments- you are disgusting for not showing the truth .
0	i want to make clear i do n't think gun control '' is the answer people are looking for a far a gun violence is concerned . i do find that people should focus on mental health and bullying in school if they want to address the root of the problem . ''
1	lefty pope should also ! he is not worthy rep for true christian roman catholic ! ! he failed his flock !
0	completely agree with this the conservative government ha cut tax for the lowest earner but by making tax fair ha increased tax receipt
0	yes she did . she ha sat in on many public hearing including facebook . she is a ploy
0	chris christie : kavanaugh allegation 'extraordinarily unfair ' '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	amen have . grest day edwsrd # maga url
1	and these are the * people pushing for gun control
0	it should be admired that it is again the woman of this country who have to fight on the frontline of discrimination ... we should support them all ..
0	he is right
1	shit ! ! i left a little bit ago to get food but if you 're still there i 'll drop down with all the paper your heart desire !
1	no they aren ’ t ! they have all said she could speak in or out of the public & amp ; she should be heard ! stop spreading lie ! of course u liberal think u should just ruin his life with no evidence
0	he 's like meuller hunted by a master sportsman / and the most powerful man in the world / barry armed trump unwittingly with lethal force / barry never thought killary would lose / url
1	i know a whole lotta people spitting a whole lot of bullshit right now idk if youll ever see this but i pray you feel no way responsible for what happened today . you have already been through so damn much . just know that you are good you are great i love you .
1	it ’ s just people who say they hate identity politics while going on about the left hate them for being black conservative
0	real conservative are stepping up .
0	he wa all about bashing the iraq war but when faced with the binary choice he is pretty proud of supporting that same status quo vigorously . i do n't get it either .
1	i ’ ve been complaining about this shit all tournament long . they think people in usa care more about roger federer favorite food than they do watching american play . it ’ s such a turnoff that i turn the channel
0	i know ! so wonderful . i ’ m on a one woman campaign to bring and therese back . he may be starting to think i ’ m a little pushy about it .
0	the gop ha two choice : 1 ) confirm kavanauh & amp ; possibly lose the house . 2 ) dump kavanauh definitely lose the house & amp ; have their supporter # walkaway # maga # dotherightthing # confirmkavanaugh
0	i have him in 2 league and he is probably getting a lifetime ban
0	suddenly bozoobama is not politician '' ... & amp ; certainly not that he & amp ; billayers & amp ; disgraced erikholder started police brutality antifa , blm , ows `` movement '' & amp ; did n't fund our u military a b4 for 8 yr , but gave world sponser of terror iran $ 170 . bil ... nooo ! ; not ol ' isis-lover 'bama . ''
0	is one of the only show that are a progressive that i can stand to watch . he dislike the right and left evenly and you know who he is right from the start . if you 've never seen his show check it out on youtube . insightful # maga
0	john kerry should be made to answer for his meeting in iran '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
1	i hate politics ! you # cnn are despicable . liberal are treating judge kavanaugh like he ’ s some sort of serial rapist that they ’ ve captured at last . # redwave # voteyes # innocent until proven guilty .
0	and soros money in their pocket . # maga url
0	what manga you reading ?
0	because they are crate by the liberal to save any kind of influence ...
0	honestly i think she should concentrate more on her acting career rather than twitter .... she is fantastic actress ... but all these twitter comment and political comment will only divert her focus ... kuch toh log kahenge .. unko kaam hai kehna
0	manny_ottawa is an amature political hack with nothing but a pc agenda . wa never credible enough for the bench . he can ’ t handle the truth . the liberal weakest link just joined the pc party .
0	# guncontrol itself specifically target minority , the entire reason gun control '' exists is pure , unadulterated racism - bigot like you wanted to keep the recently-freed slave disarmed and subordinate . thankfully we 've grown from there . url
1	nobody will kill or beat her ! cheap tectics to become popular lgbt tikoo . she can follow sunny leone also : she is popular not only in india but world best of luck and hope to see both of ur video together : sri krisna will definetly make ur next video popular . have fun
0	beautiful booty ! ! !
0	honestly , right after the election i still hoped that trump would prove to be a secret democrat '' ( on at least some issue ) and that it would be conservative who were mad and depressed by this point in his presidency . obviously i wa wrong . ''
1	those fucking calf man
1	wrong 99 percent of the time she is in a bed or laying down suntanning all summer long she is bland like a dry piece of toast ! ... carry on # bb20
0	so liberal can stand .
0	what ’ s next ... -mr. hooper is retconned a a pedophile -grover becomes trans -barkley is neutered -big bird is put on med to stop seeing snuffy -oscar shoot heroin -elmo now member of the church of satan -telly join antifa -zoe ha abortion -kermit labeled hate symbol by splc url
0	# michaelche this guy thunk only white repubs & amp ; crackheads thank jesus guess you don ’ t like christian ’ s money do you buddy ? ! good luck mike trying to have a lavish style off the back of liberal url
1	just another blm brat blocking a highway , antifa thug swinging a bike lock . here come just another screamer from the gallery - except this childish scoundrel screamed he raped me ! `` , sat down in the middle of the room , stuck her thumb in her mouth , and whined `` prove me wrong ! '' ''
0	i feel like generally the principle i would use is punching up '' if you 're taking people down then good . if you 're like ... just giving them a bigger audience then welp , you done f'ed up i would compare it to antifa stuff ( i mean , that is in fact what it is ) ''
1	liar ! set up by far left . liberal are so predictable ! american are into these empty stupid tactic . no one belief you ! it ’ s a politically induced maneuver to attempt to delay the installation of a judge until after midterm . it won ’ t work . no go write your book !
1	mxm nigger think we give a fuck url
0	there is almost no one that liberal wo n't insult in defense of their ideological agenda
1	i believe he is one step worse according to experts- sociopath which is a malignant narcissist
0	# farright # leader # quoteoftheday my deal or no deal '' how 's about # notrust # noconfidence your party is a # crimesyndicate even a # mafia investigator ha stated on public record # toriesout # criminalsinuniform # criminalsoutofnumber10 # ge2018 # gtto ''
0	im down in 15 minute if you are
0	60 and hopeful to someday meet a classy gal that i can talk to about maga and wwg1wga ! have yet to find ! having way to much fun now not to share : - ) url
0	brandon straka , your nov walk away '' protest march will be dangerous . the left always turn to violence , profanity , masked rioter since they will do anything for a soros $ gift card . they know nothing but violence a this is all they are capable of understanding . ''
1	when the abuser project ... look in the mirror mark - you are crazy & amp ; angry .
0	your side ha antifa . you into them ? like violence ?
1	that ’ s a blatant lie . antifa is the worse hate group . look at what they did at berkeley university in california . they nearly destroyed it over a guy they disagreed with . it wasn ’ t the kkk or white supremacy . they are shutting down free speech
1	ur a fucking dumbass fr . there ’ s no way she is anyone else ’ s
0	why would anyone be in group lock-step with either party ? i ’ m in favor of gun control and believe in climate change . i ’ m against big government and wealth redistribution . independent thinker don ’ t fit into either party .
1	very simple .... more gun control ad equal more gun sold . the gun illiterate aren ’ t smart enough to figure this out
0	thank you first lady for your service to the usa and putting up with the vile liberal hoard everyday . you are a true patriot # maga
0	be careful mr tepper ! be very careful ! ! ! !
1	liberal are full of hate yet they talk like their morality is above anyone who think differently . funny how their word and action never match up to what they pretend to preach . imposter of any human decency . emotionally and politically bankrupt .
0	she is not related to him it weird lmao
0	# canpoli conservative are excellent at running up debt and enriching their special interest . url
0	i 'm sure many of u conservative will remember your participation in the overriding of our constitutional right and will never vote for any of this so called government the one that flaunt or law and court system
0	i do n't agree . i prefer gun control '' . `` gun safety '' shift the debate into a lane that they prefer . do n't give an inch . ''
1	# westminster # tory absolutely pathetic # appeasement
0	why did n't tell u this about the cincinatti murder at fifth third bank ? he said the firearm wa apparently legally purchased . '' is it harder to clamor for more failed gun control ? # 2a url
0	top 15 ! ? yes he is ? ?
0	i remember when conservative slagged off the labour party a 'undemocratic ' for allowing unons such a big say in labour policy .
1	after going through the system i cameto know that being a criminal ( illegal ) is most reputed and easy job rather than a simple ( illegal ) person .
1	everyone ha a life story - that is no excuse for being aggressive . if anyone is to blame it is the producer for inviting kw onto the show . she is clearly not well & amp ; shouldn ’ t have been put in a position where that could happen . her management should not have allowed it either !
1	consider this source ... is a supreme as kissing douche bag .
0	his promise should be taken with a pinch of salt . often lie and spread misinformation . if elected i doubt you would see any promise honored . he is not an honorable guy .
0	everyone muted you ... thanks for working for free # maga
0	he is hiding a child
1	but doe he schmooze with communist # putin in helsinki like your daddy ? . # maga url
0	stanced up url
0	shop url # 80 # breaking # fortniteandroid # kungfu # fantasy # movie # trump # maga # 80 # tech # texas # trending # sundaymotivation # maga # gop # gameofthrones # beard # men # news # breaking # kungfu # shop # shoponline # txsen # texas url
1	if only he were the craziest mf out there . sadly , he is not . there are far worse example of good christian . '' ''
0	president obama ? did i miss something about this ? he still belief he is president or is it you that is n't able to accept reality ?
0	liberal support conflicting viewpoint just to score political point . power is an ugly business .
1	so she is using the feminist card a a excuse for her behavior in not getting what she wanted when the other competitor that she played wa a a woman '' who just wa simply better than her today . every woman in that room who applauded to that nonsense i feel sad for you . ''
0	he is very skilled
0	i guess he need to learn gun control .
0	wrong . wa a enthusiastic architect of devastating austerity along with the tory 's . the did not have to abandon every principle they supposedly had to the they could have let cameron run a minority government ( a did snp ) but chose not to
0	15 concert goer gunned down in jacksonville with 9mm ruger p89 . the nra blame gun control law .
0	you are so pretty oh my goodness
0	( basically psa is spoonfeeding liberal exactly what they want to hear rather than confronting the structural inequity that they in part helped foster/implement )
1	y ’ all some bitch lol
0	of course she is .
0	i have some work to do with my oldest ( 20 ) daughter . stood in line with her & amp ; voted in 2016. she is still very very bitter & amp ; it ’ ll be tough to get her back this year
1	bull crap !
0	this witch hunt against kavanaughs is pitiful . i ca n't believe anyone could find this story is believable . why did n't she come forward in 36 year ? it 's crazy ... set up by liberal .
0	fake mew
0	immediately . anyone get out of line they will get a 1 on 1 talk by og ragey . guaranteed everyone will behave . reeee .
0	follback
0	but gun control ! ! !
0	you are correct . my old eye do n't seem to work so well anymore .
0	* he starred in two movie and drama tv series . while it 's impossible not to notice his strinkingly handsome look , it 's what lie beneath what define who he is ... `` in conclusion if english is a common working language in asia for regional cooperation and development ... ''
0	emo thank you and keep up the good work all of you for fighting against the # fakenews of the msm by tweeting and retweeting what is true ! good work ! you are # maga !
0	i saw this before the result and literally thought i got eliminated we url
0	billy shear rip 'mad captain ' donald trump in climate change song .
1	he drew the saw because the marker wa in his left hand which is connected to his right brain which is connected to his left eye which saw the saw . his right eye which is connected to his left brain saw the hammer . # psyc1101
1	she either testifies or shuts up.she is either a fraud or a false memory person.when you have been raped you never forget it ever .
1	i 'm an asshole though
1	this is dumb ! what is the point ?
0	i hope those la la land libtard lunatic do n't think most conservative would watch that garbage . those idiot make a living playing dress up . grow up and move into the real world . vote republican !
0	# facebook is a tool of the # left # liberal # democraticparty . they 're censoring conservative # maga # midterms2018 # nra # 2a # 1ab # confirmjudgekavanaugh # confirmkavanaugh # constitutionday # usmc # navy # army # airforce # conservative url
0	anderson lie and you report it a fact you do get except for blm & amp ; antifa you have no real viewer
1	moore just got don elected again . liberal never learn . he ’ s more unlikable than trump
0	love it # maga
0	ouch .
1	oh my god . they ’ re so fucking cute .
0	proud to be antifa af ! ! ! !
0	both labour & amp ; lib dems are 'remain ' party . if you want to leave the eu the only option is the conservative . just saying .
0	attention all red voter ! ! ! get out and vote.if we do n't we will lose everything .
0	heard jeff hardy thought that the stoneman douglas victim were right and that gun control should be improved in the usa which pissed off randy
0	you have to admit . these democrat know how to fleece the dollar out of other democrat . stormy ha made huge profit from d ’ s flooding strip club to stick a dollar in her g. liberal are the easiest in our society to fool ..
0	{ | that 's okay !
0	the only thing the principled '' conservative are outraged about is the clear moral and intellectual need for diversity and inclusion of all people of all faith .
0	“ gun control save life ” .
1	what happens next is whoever inthe gop vote against him get destroyed and we vote more republican to the senate to ensure margin of victory for amy coney barrett liberal worst nightmare .
0	-she come with a cage and with at least two month worth of food left and two food bowl . ( together is a extra $ 30 ) cage wa expensive ! -she doesn ’ t have to be groomed yet due to the fact that she is still a puppy . * * she come with the bigger cage . * * dm for more information ! url
0	notice how much he keep looking around ? he is looking for a little girl to touch . he is a disgrace to our country . # maga
0	she is a trained psychologist of course she can pas a lie detector test .
0	at least you are getting more people to like it on discord
0	he is a good man .
0	4. but i have to called an hotel to send a shuttle to come pick my mother who is sitting at terminal at the airport with their agent . 5. i reminded them that she is a wheelchair passenger who can not speak english . how will the hotel find her ?
1	doe this line sound familiar it is too soon to talk gun control '' ? this the the typical nra funded gop response to nra sponsored mass murder . ''
0	people need to get a life . she is a beautiful lady doing her job . they need to leave her alone and leave tessa alone . doesn ’ t matter what you are everybody need to show love not hate .
0	god that 's the one we should have used to remove holder .
1	you speak the truth about = & gt ; # louis farrakhan & lt ; = ... he is a raging anti-semite & amp ; racist .
1	i think i ’ ll blame all the dumbass for gun control
1	ff8 suck major wang .
0	what would happen if she were to support gun control ? would the nra help her opponent ?
0	antifa get to stay on twitter but the proud boy are banned . life is n't fair . do n't be a victim .
1	if i have to tolerate ur loud as maga merch dont say shit about my nike anything kiss my as
0	maga patriot we need you !
0	the maga 2 ’ s ? url
0	he is coming to purpleumpkin where he becomes one of the murples . i will send him a ticket to travel . god speed !
0	why ? ? ? he did absolutely nothing wrong . he is the victim and she is the perpetrator ! ! !
1	where is the fascist version of antifa ?
0	they could n't elect her the first time '08 yet we were supposed to pick up their leftover in '16
1	there ha to be a way where conservative who look the other way and approve of sexual assault and victim shame to endorse their political agenda and hatred are held accountable . why don ’ t you sign your name so you can be held accountable for your lie
0	cross them of the list ....
0	# political zealotry & amp ; # tribalism are the new # religion . # america ha a problem . are you contributing to it ? url # partisanship # tcot # conservative # conservative # gop # democrat # progressive # liberal # think # reason
0	character of a crook better off using dillinger
1	yes but it doesnt help with the made up story about him . he should n't of called football player sob . but he is right about illegal immigration . we ca n't support the entire nation . rule need to change .
1	dumb as . wear a helmet next game
0	this is why gun control is such a horrible idea no matter what the reasoning it it result in this kind of thing .
0	cat are just special dog
1	another ha been trying to get back in the spotlight paul mccartney go back to england shut up
1	there is no such thing . where is this fascist left ? antifa are anarchist . they are not socialist or democrat . you folk on the right embrace authoritarianism and fascism . look at trump . he attack all our institution and the rule of law and fluff putin .
1	these people are absolutely insane ! liberal have been attacking white men for year and it is getting worse . the path they are pushing for will create another civil war which there will not be a recovery and they are too damn stupid to see that .
1	the problem is trump is playing the dems against the repubs and he is neither . trump is an authoritarian . to trump there is no leaning . his goal is to conjure up hate . he ha been part of america ’ s under belly his whole life and brought it to the wh .
1	fake news . who in their right mind would go along with this nut ?
0	affirmative . we understand the situation . # wwg1wga # maga url
1	this girl lied about her upbringing and every time she open her mouth it show how foolish she is . yet she is still a superstar for the left
0	antifa tribute song - url
0	he is on the island dummy
1	i ’ m finna say fuck it and get a crispy as jogging suit
0	consider the source . it 's only bono .
0	apparently conservative are now automatically guilty of any crime or assault that show up from no where at the last possible minute . we are no longer presumed innocent until proven otherwise .
1	great gun control ! take concentration and steady hand ! way to go girl ! url
0	who care .
0	so you are defending antifa ? is that your stance ?
0	goodell should have been fired over a year ago . look like the owner will let him steer the ship right into the iceberg . oh well .
0	he is a very funny man is n't he . i suspect even he doe n't really believe this .
0	1. after she lost , she focused on her opponent . so you 're when they lose ... '' serena wa n't losing . she is never losing until that last point . 2. you can say she screamed ( it wa loud there ) , i use the word defended her integrity . ''
1	yo as probably playing it on super easy too smh go home
0	i think she is great
0	i am a free speech absolutist and i do not care what offends you . you do n't have to talk to me . why do you imagine the world is supposed to be unoffensive ? do you carry this forward with other liberal and chastise them for saying thing that offend christian ?
1	already my as i had so many fucking shot tonight
0	prepare for the midterm by reading creating the declaration of independence by to understand what made america great in the first place url # maga # kag
0	....... yes i wa correct in saying bye-bye forever ! !
0	what would this line putz know about what conservative think ?
0	what doe she think she ha done to kavanaugh family ? you can ’ t throw crap out there and not back it up . nothing but a stall tactic . liberal would fight anyone being appointed
0	i never said that . i merely refuted the statement that they don ’ t have a tight end . virgil green is a solid tight end when he is surrounded by the talent that the charger have
0	we have to fight to not see that here ! gun control out of control .
0	# presidenttrump wa elected because we are so very tired of destructive # dems ! we 're look for strong conservative like # treygowdy . url
0	i get it the socialist is n't at fault for dressing above her constituent ? but she wanted to look a wealthy a she is ? she grew up rich ...
1	total bullshit
1	talk about the pot calling the kettle black ... you should be ashamed of your cash payoff to iran & amp ; of you helping iran to become a necular power . it would be better if you just set your sale and gave u all a big wave goodby . will clean up your mess . url
1	what the fuck happened
0	# whyrwpreachesracism # rwluciferiancult i keep saying and it not simply rhetoric ... these people are not by any bible definition christian anymore than the christian '' conservative who attended public lynching of black often held a public spectacle on sunday after `` church '' url
1	he should bash trump and that will change ... liberal hate trump more than pedophile .
0	sorry my love i know you will be disappointed maybe i 'll stand in my next life time
0	another dem-run sanctuary city '' with strict gun control law . . . the ultimate fail . ''
0	the suicide rate in america is similar to other country that have strict gun control.they use other url the u.k. jumping from cliff and bridge is a common method .
1	buckle up democrat and liberal ! the shit is about to hit the fan for you and the fbi/doj !
0	never trusted his as
0	yep because banning gun stop gun homicide . you 'll also note that 's close to the lowest number on record . what exactly would count a evidence if not that ? are you saying that if gun control doe n't stop all violence it 's failed ?
0	if antifa were n't using violence they would n't have a hope of doing this . joke & lt ; violence
1	i 'm sorry but damn she is hot af
1	just the fact that # stopkavanagh repeatedly attempted to block the abortion for an undocumented immigrant ( which she wanted ) tell me he is unfit to serve on the supreme court . we don ’ t need a person who cherrypicks what law will or will not be respected .
0	you are love
1	the republican have no sign of having a plan for any of that . and fuck trump '' , considering his failure , is a legitimate platform . it 's better than the republican sure-tragedy alternative . ''
1	please stop ! you 're making it too easy for right-wing conservatards to mock those of u on the left ! # nothelping
0	you are the one that left on his own . i 'm not your daddy to tell you to stay , even if i do , you wo n't anyway . '' there 's just no in hell way that cerberus would ever be soft to dante and respect him right ? two can play at this game . ''
1	after seeing the content of the post i for one are pleased with the legislation we have in regard of gun control . on the other hand legislation doe need to be improved to support mental aid to this individual . he ha to be sectioned .
0	but you are dreg of society ! !
0	josh , thanks for including cock-a-doodle oops ! in this list of amazingly illustrated picture book ! i love deborah zemke 's just before sunrise '' illustration ! ''
1	meh should be asking and about their blatant disregard for truth in the gun control discussion now present in the country - this is why criminal have no fear . government misdirection ! url
1	you should.have tried more , perhaps a bjp or r connection could have been fixed '' .masters would be happy dhanya ''
0	i feel attacked
1	yeah i 'll not take my gun control policy advice from a jean 's company . beyond that trump die hard are almost enough that the snowflake they claim to dislike and themselves are hard to tell a part
0	he 's an actor and a comedian not a political leader
0	yes you are but i wa asking what is it about the movie ?
0	happy to connect . # wemakeamericagreat
0	if you want more shooting just call g soros ! he ’ s always happy to oblige with that ! he pay antifa well
1	holder should be in prison
1	there is no way she is 26 wow drug maybe who know
1	they should dress him in an ice uniform no weapon and make him walk the boarder at night calling for the drug cartel .
0	but the judge decision wa totally biased a he is a personal friend and university prof of tory ’ s .
0	you are cum
0	welcome back home to south africa champ . i am sure you are very happy to be back home with all your family and friend . enjoy your time here in sa
0	he always show dedication at what he doe no wonder he is the best url
1	lol these are exciting time ... '' god he is the worst ''
1	the fact that newsweek no longer try to give both side of the story but instead only give the side of # antifa far left liberal and their god in the # deepstatepanic take a look at newsweek ’ s circulation they don ’ t even have enough reader to put out a print edition anymore
0	eric should be in prison !
0	varda is my fav valar . she is badass i bet melkor agrees with me also xd
0	she is a long time proponent of killing the unborn .
0	but i dont think all of u are depressed . i think on social medium it ’ s all perfect and shit but social nedia only portrays one part of a person life . a far a help i think it ’ s the same a it ’ s always been
0	“ buzzfeed news contacted the woman believed to be the subject of the letter at her home last week . she declined to comment . buzzfeed news ha not been able to confirm the content of the letter. ” now hearing she is a high school classmate .
0	he is the biggest lsu hater i ’ ve ever heard
0	i hear he is having an mei on his knee due to the pressure exerted . lol
1	cube ha shown in the past that he is not in control of this . the investor on the board run the show . and they are super cheap .
0	# qanon # wwg1wga # maga wow ! ! worth watching ! url
0	it 's all liberal have . it 's all they ever had . they see everything through the prism of race .
1	holy shit this is sick :0
1	# obama : wall won ’ t keep terrorist away . same obama : gun control will prevent killing by criminal ( and terrorist ? ) # walkaway
0	no but it is relevant in showing that gun control law do work . the number of death via mass shooting went down in the u between 1994-2004 during the assault weapon ban
0	i mean it wa also like the wrong setting ? idk it wa so random
1	just block the idiot . he 's not even worth this post .
1	same here but the more he talk the dumber he look wwgiwga maga url
1	the dreg of society '' are isi , antifa , blm , planned parenthood , illllegal alien , pedofiles , and liberal . this is who the democrat support . once again , accusing others of what you , biden are guilty of . ''
1	do you hate him that much . he is our president .
0	# teamspotlightsunday this spotlight go to 2 woman ! meghan mcdermott and alanna mcdermott . alanna ha had an amazing journey not only physically but mentally . she is breaking her comfort zone by helping others achieve their goal . i am so proud of you ! your growth is inspiring ! url
1	gawd you are missing the point so hard . yes she could have . point is she is expected too . the responsibility lie solely on the woman in our culture . the man is not berated for his action . the woman is . listen to you silly girl '' you are part of that culture . ''
1	communist elite roger goodell is teaching a lowlife ethic class to his daughter . shameful shameless left wing nut ruining the sport of football instead to teamwork and value to the flag
0	# pnpcbc # cdnpoli # bcpoli # ontpoli # alpoli more to join # conservative url
1	you people calling everyone nazi under the sun becomes tiring and stupid frankly . you people called zena bash a nazi and it turn out she is half mexican and polish descent and her family barely escaped death from the nazi . so keep it up desensitize that word .
1	open a case '' 4-this : john kerry : `` obama & amp ; i * knowingly * funded * terror '' 55 billion $ $ $ with a `` b '' ! ! god bless trump # maga # kag # deepstate .. ( full link : url .. url
0	liberal have taken over every major city here but ft worth
0	conservative are unable to think critically and / or for themselves . that 's what make them conservative . it 's a 20th century thing .
1	she ca n't tell her story while i wa my car in the rain . yes . she is a whore her life is just that . fuck people for money . this is no exception
0	god i hope not
0	their gullibility . they think if a politician ha an r by their name he is a good guy and do n't research that person at all .
1	eg , antifa holding the position that police are racist or should be killed . generalization such a those are what i 'd call attacking law enforcement . '' `` attacking the cancer in the body '' is not the same a `` attacking the body '' even if it 's systemic . ''
0	or he raised a hand . smh
0	i think he ’ s feeling a little better right now but he is pitiful when his tum is upset
0	is correct . watch . initial bump from sjws but over the next few month will suffer significantly . conservative are patient .
0	antifa are here telling people to go back to sleep . horrifying
0	no doubt she is proud of her daughter from heaven ! so sorry for your loss ( at such a young age ) how difficult it must have been & amp ; i imagine to a certain degree still must be ... she sound a a truly wonderful person . you are her legacy !
0	you are here !
1	trump ha no interest in caring the safety of the country . he doesn ’ t care about gun control . so far with all the shooting in the country . he doesn ’ t care ... he is a selfish person . everything is about him
0	she is done out here .
0	remember when liberal were called the snowflake ? conservative now have the sads about a hollywood award show .
1	trudeau and liberal are incompetent to handle it .
0	it wa amazing ! ! ! alex n infowars ! !
0	1. the last minute of this video is absolutely priceless 2. fact : “ obama separated 90k kid and there were no protest ” liberal : * silence * url
0	# reality_check for # cpc conservative - from ninja warrior # heather_mallick . opinion | cpc beware — meet maxime bernier ’ s new hard-right pp url via
0	conservative aren ’ t violent - liberal are .
1	liberal are sick people !
0	and a new knife
0	this stink like week old fish she is a best a liar
0	can you eat this child you are wild
1	john kerry is a loser and a traitor to our country . he doesnt understand that we voted his party out bec we hated the iran deal . he is now working for iran against our gov . at worst he is acting a an agent for a foreign government & amp ; if he isn ’ t registered should be investigated
0	only care about herself and how she look doing it
1	truly . he had that sly , self-deprecating humor and swagger . like you said , very american '' . ''
0	that nutbar hasn ’ t blocked you todd ? she blocked me and gave no clue who she is
0	good luck lad
0	love it ! he 's giving you a head up that he is the most important living creature in a 10 mile radius ! !
0	rosie hug him tight hello angy . '' she smiled happy `` im so happy that she is back and i bet you levi will be here in a few second . '' levi walk in and gasp `` rosie ! '' levi ran over making jack smile ''
0	he is one of strongest supporter in washington . the primary is over the president & amp ; senator have put the past to rest . ask yourself are you supporting our potus by talking about fellow conservative
1	it really suck when commie atheist liberal refugee and anyone who is n't one of ( u ) us our '' precious tax dollar .... ''
0	you are no patriot if you actively try and disrupt the will of the people simply because you lost the election . when ha it ever been patriotic to undermine the presidency ? he is working to bring prosperity to every american .
0	get her out and a new day will dawn what will you have for brexit ?
1	bit of a celebrity my as !
0	that dude whoever he is aged out a long time ago . do better utah .
0	i call you a kid bc i ’ m certain you are one . and bc it seems to annoy you . should i just sat “ i ’ m joking ” and make it all better ?
1	if she were a true krishn bhakt she would n't even care about presence or absence of such law ... she would be above such issue ... a typical chandigarh mentality of one up manship she is caged in ... call her anything but krishn bhakt .. like who care about what she is doing ...
0	# peoplesvote # brexit # stopbrexitsavebritain # stopbrexit # brexitshambles a good example of our intent we . even the goverment doe n't like paying tax .. url
0	this is not the will of the people , since you did not ever mention your intention during your campaign except the vague reduce the size of government '' which we al interpreted a provincial government . you can bet your as we are not going to forget this ''
0	the liberal msm are the stalker along with antifa . # voteredtosaveamerica
1	holder is an evil , hateful , dangerous man . he 's a real '' racist . he absolutely hate white people . he & amp ; obama contributed to the race riot during o 's admin . ''
0	trump address gun control representing the nra . i will not let you down '' he say . url
0	good thing i watch him online .
1	true point . gun control is total bullshit .
0	22 year old and wandering the street of new york city the big apple from hell and beyond '' and still she is subject to the 'n ' word and still other model call her 'n ' person of the year and yet she care but she is more afraid of `` u know who '' . ''
1	on no not roaming charge ! good charge all these foreign fucker when they come here !
1	he is about a useless a a tit on a hog just saying
0	one of the best # maga men on twatter . good heart to heart . hey jack ... url
0	that ’ s right # walkawayfromdemocrats # voteredtosaveamerica # votered2018 # mcga . # maga
1	shameful . # nra is spending over a million $ to get kavanaugh installed . gun control is n't his pot of tea . url
0	i thought canada had strict gun control . help me understand what is happening .
0	they ca n't talk about what trump is doing because he is doing everything that he promised . the economy is better than ever . if the congress will do their job and get rid of the crook at the fbi doj and cia and appoint a special prosecuter and start arresting and prosecuting
1	i swear to god . this shit is too real man
0	obama ’ s and dems passed affordable care without senate majority so gun control could have happened
0	like liberal ?
0	i still do n't get why this is a story or why she is a hero to the left ? she allegedly slept with what the left considers to be the most repulsive nazi to ever walk the earth and she 's praised for it ?
0	cool ! and that ’ s the way it should be ! ! ! !
0	i believe that the gun control law should not be so strict because criminal will still obtain gun regardless of gun restriction and would make it harder for a law abiding citizen to defend themselves against an attack .
0	liberal are in full meltdown today ... fun to watch ...
1	me estoy fucking alterando
0	or she is saying you know i am the true anime waifu '' ''
1	the persona that you project mask your insecurity . you are hurt and disappointed . politics is a dirty business . move on and make a difference . hillary lost because too many people sat out the last election . get involved in displacing devin nunes and or duncan hunter in calif .
0	i guess u all looking wrong or looking for wrong thing ... my girl wa walking when started dating ... about 2 yr in she is physically handicapped ... i 'm still w her ... no sex ... just love for her and her spirit ...
1	yes you are stalking . that 's what a weirdo would do . if my tweet over video game hurt your feeling then go ahead and block me . lol
1	. my god . # theemmys and the limousine liberal are sick disgusting animal with no brain . .
1	my favorite part is where left leaning people say we should believe all accusation at face value when it come to sexual misconduct but not when it come to keith ellison . also i 'm a buddhist who 's skeptical , thanks for adding to the all conservative are christian '' stereotype . ''
0	# tory # labour # ge2017 # conservative conservative url theresa_may : since my very first day in 10downingstreet i ’ ve made it my personal mission to fix our broken housing system . doing so underpins so much of what this government is… url
0	yeah if a officer want to watch his career go down the shitter ........
1	francis must be forced aside . the church need to be cleansed top to bottom .
1	tom marvollo riddle . evan will lose his dick if he fuck around he know it . cause he is already after a lady '' she nod and looked at evan . evan grin at her and stayed silent . he did liked to fuck around but he knew he could not hurt his date ''
1	complete and utter waste of time . liberal
0	he is growing fast
1	that 's a lie ... your antifa lefty are nothing but violent . this teacher spent a lot of time planning this attack on an honorable man with zero evidence . no reason at all to hold up kavanaugh ! another crazy liberal hit job ! !
0	yee yee
0	they 'd be fired if they came out supporting trump . twitter would probably release their address to that pedo group ..... what 's their name again ....... oh yeah ...... antifa .
0	and here are an antifa group after old boy nazi soros forgot to pay them ... url
0	foolish to think that
1	he 's got his wee fake tap fae turkey on to prove how loyal he is .
0	this is the kind of thing that liberal want . a totalitarian society where tweet are ground for examination .
0	i wa going to ask the same thing . do n't know who he is .
1	yeah bitch we put him back in and beat your sorry ass the bear suck ! ! blew a 20-0 lead lmaoooo
0	3m eu cits living & amp ; paying tax in uk who vote in general/local election . c.1m uk cits in eu +15 yr who were promised vote in conservative 2015 manifesto . vote leave broke electoral spending law & amp ; police now involved . russian £ paid to aaron bank & amp ; interference in campaign .
1	how about yours chaplain . liberal are fool .
1	the are batshit crazy .
1	antifa are n't fascist they 're terrorist
0	well you may be right . always the optimist i 'm going to carry on with my ( possibly deranged ) mission to believe we can achieve a united front .
1	maybe because you ’ ve provided a play form for hate group with no criticism or criticism-lite while bashing antifa with zero analysis
0	any article headlined : jesus , the original deplorable '' is n't worth even a second of anyone 's time . and the fact that your fox news watching self is accusing liberal of following their own bias over fact is hilarious . or , it would be hilarious , if it wa n't so sad . do better . ''
0	4 ) . how much is american tax payer contributing to trump 's corporation by his golfing every weekend at his course-the one who wa n't going to golf ! ! 5 ) . why is the nra stopping any gun control which will cost how many student life this year ? this is the sad reality of congress !
0	come on you can do better . this ha nothing to do with your agent . any subscriber with cash can sell or buy cash at whatever rate . you are just a conduit . it the law of demand and supply at play .
0	yes that and antifa .
1	there r 65 million that can sign to the affect that they did n't vote for an asshole .
1	trump is a fucking asshole and if you think otherwise then your an idiot . my friend in pr were hurt . you are the one that need to get educated . i educate myself everyday i talk to them everyday . so stfu
0	oh my god you are joking right ? 15 hour ? most officer and fire work 24 and sometimes back to back . 15 hour ? give me a break .
0	we do n't need to talk about gun control ; we need to talk about criminal control .
0	williams showed that she is a bad sport . male / female no matter . bad sport and rude to the young woman who won .
0	yes melania is wearing her i do n't give a s___t jacket and donald chump is wearing his go f___k yourself jacket just like always . he said that god trump is in da house and he is above the law . we did a marvelous job in pr many went without electricity for 6 month but it 's cool .
1	she is a wannabe hilary clinton .. can ’ t stand that woman and anything that the ndp stand for . i believe that they are even more dangerous than the liberal !
0	how about she is related to another creepy fusion gps ? ? ? how about that ? ? ? ? ? ? url
1	after all my year of complaining im finally getting my bitch as wisdom teeth out so i can stop fucking cry
1	tomorrow night you get dropped will make sure he is not robbed again you fraud
0	andy , you literally went on vacation right after making that pressing '' announcement . you 're a joke and this is why real conservative are turning to bernier ''
1	i wa think she jisoo but i ’ m focused i found she is taeyoun
0	over here gun control is unconstitutional so the 2a protects u shooter that just want to shoot down range .
1	chicago ha record number of homicide ! their gun control law are not working !
0	can you give me a better term than cultist for someone who will change their view on gun control to defend bernie rather just admit that his record his awful ?
0	she is inciting violence . big difference between free speech and inciting violence . sometimes you are expecting action good or bad from the word you use . people must be held accountable for those word good or bad .
0	liberal still don ’ t understand what evidence is . color me shocked
0	are you guy really still supporting the party that suspended you all because you went into coalition with the deary me talk about desperation to be noticed
0	populism - political idea and activity that are intended to get the support of ordinary people by giving them what they want '' - cambridge dictionary yes i too think the liberal and conservative must unite to prevent ordinary people from getting want they want # collusion ``
0	so liberal will cheer ... they live illegal alien .....
0	i do hope whomever that work at twitter ( that like to cause hell it backfire on them )
0	would have been far cheaper to relocate jobless/homeless to bulgaria where property is super cheap & amp ; many speak english . you prefer the expensive brexity way . you 're governing . i would n't do it that way . ref wa non-binding call for opinion . disregard it . wa 50/50 near enough .
0	follow the pen ... # maga it is mightier than the sword # qanon # wwg1wga
0	patty . you are injury prone like me .
0	best way to convince ppl the a moment isn ’ t unforgiving is to savage any person who dare question your forgivingness .
0	or christian conservative could man up and do whatever it take to win .
0	imagine unironically believing that liberal support antifa
0	60 minute is the one that had bragged about her and her story . you guy thought it wa great she wa female ceo . that wa your story . now she is the evil one . cbs - why do n't you verify before your reporting ? ?
0	so many conservative are just a bad a liberal .
0	# politicslive since the coalition everyone know if you vote you a government # neveragain
1	sometimes i get strong vibe from people and this man ’ s vibe is ten of million of murder - he is more dangerous than dt .
0	look so so good url
0	by wagging her finger at authority figure ? hmmm . .. no . serena is the definition of a bully . her frequent on court tantrum are why she is being screened for steroid use more than other player . she appears to have roid-rage .
0	universal background check and an assault weapon ban would absolutely change thing . i ’ m for swedish-style gun control ( did you know the swede are big hunter ? ) but berniecrats only want swedish-style healthcare .
1	if kavanaugh is confirmed there will be two sexual deviant sitting on the supreme court . both conservative and nominated by republican . democrat put woman on the scotus and republican put perverted men there . for their lifetime ! # stopkavanaugh # stoptrump # savescotus
1	she is full of bunk .
1	you ready for crazy as racing tomorrow ? ? ?
1	1st pic : oh my god the batman v superman trailer is awesome '' 2nd pic : `` oh my god bvs is awesome 3rd pic : `` oh , you dont like bvs and call it a shit movie ? ? well bitch '' 4th pic : `` oh , zack wa fired , henry left and ben is leaving '' ''
1	* click * fuck you ! !
1	if only martin were a obsessed about christ a he is with homosexuality .
1	feinstein and schumer are political assassin . thank heaven that ha been able to give a few in the gop courage to not fold this far . conservative need to hit back hard on these political criminal .
0	what do you mean how chelsea have kept hazard ? he is bloody one of chelsea key player and best in the world right now . and one big club in europe . what do you want more ?
0	please get out to vote republican right down the ticket or pelosi get back into control
0	exactly that ’ s what liberal don ’ t understand we will die for our loved one
1	n liberal will sell out fisherman in a heartbeat . these n.s . liberal are probably in line looking for private sector handout . big money tied to kameron coal . don ’ t care about nova scotians . look at health and education . fishery next ?
1	thank you random internet person . next time i want shit from you i ’ ll squeeze your head .
0	it ’ s your opinion but mine is he is the best in the country
0	i like to see them try . antifa is listed a domestic terrorism . they should be glad they do n't live in the czech republic .
0	got something to hide eric ?
1	yep bc not agreeing with forcing adult meme and choice on individual not developed enough to comprehend them mean i am homophobic
1	coming from a guy who should be arrested and charged a an accessory . i hat a deranged individual .
1	really ? and ha he been charged . # liberal are such liar !
0	that he is
0	you are so talented i adore you
0	look like a whole lot of adult need to get a grip on life . it also appears to me that people who experience loss in life you learn to except it on any level . i truly feel sorry for people who have missed out on this development in life .
0	charged for false charge ? why not ?
1	he totally dodged the question about how he is making million of dollar off stormy daniel while she still ha to strip to make a living . he is unethical .
0	glad i basically never watch the nfl .
0	* 60 … * sixty year old ! man ...... she is fine url
0	i really wonder just how badly they 're going to take it when they see the result on november 7th , given the way thing seem to be looking . pretty badly , i bet . you 'll have accusation of kajillions of zombified illegal alien '' voting , protected by `` antifa supersoldiers '' . ''
0	standing trump strong . maga url
0	aha yes , i see that . the individual sense of needing to belong to a winning team '' because of the constant conditioning of self-devaluation . i see a strong sense of this on the q side but on the left/hillary/antifa side a well regardless if they think they 're winning or not . ''
0	if they picked a more suitable song it would be great
1	this is just disgusting . but it sound like you are absolutely right . i do think that even liberal are starting to realize this is all a political game .
0	—faints— .
1	# theresa may using # labourparty policy to cling on to her weak and wobbly # government # housingcrisis # housingmarket the # conservative are the corrupt # landowner # toriesout # corruption
0	* mom speaks into her phone to compose a text for my brother * she is angry so she yell at the phone while telling it what to type like my brother will be able to tell she wa even yelling
0	because that ’ s how it work in sport when you chose to represent a country that is the country you are known for when playing that sport or for achievement in that sport they ’ re not taking away from her haitian heritage they ’ re just using the country she represents in the sport
0	# brexit # remain i know your busy with this but # fiftiesbornwomen # shouldertoshoulder # onevoice # wepaidinyoupayout # waspi no individual letter in 1995 of major change to # statepensionage due to 1995 legislation 2007 & amp ; 2011 + time on top # labour # libdem # conservative # rectify url
1	lokk at july 29 when i said gordon would be cut for drug and you called me a dipshit .
0	you are on the middle between regular stretcher and a bariatric .
0	he is revolting .
0	you warned everyone about josh gordon the last 4 month on a daily basis . i 'm sure you are a shocked a i am of what transpired today .
0	cat fight url
0	thank you mr president for helping to # maga
0	company used to remove exec who are emotionally disturbed . an ed exec ca n't be trusted to be a leader of people . i guess no longer .
0	u education can use a ton of rethinking '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
0	b.s . how much fake data ha big pharma fed you . you are penalizing adult who vaping ha helped . you have a far bigger problem with teen alcohol sale and flavored wine cooler . try reading a legit study . url
0	here is 7 url
1	well she is dumb a a box of rock so will give her a pas
0	i think we should . but no i don ’ t think most american do . we divide ourselves in group along social issue ( conservative or liberal ) . probably because we don ’ t have a labor party . or a party that truly cloak itself in labor identity .
0	100 % hear you . but do n't think we 're lost '' in the sense of defeated , more like adrift , off-track , ca n't find our way . the answer is not more gun in general or teacher with gun ! let 's start with electing leader who support reasonable gun control , and go from there . url
1	im very horibble and shitty thats how i am
0	the war on free speech = antifa url
0	hello ! ! you used to date anthony weiner ! ! ! what doe that tell u about you ?
0	hmmmm . i think they should ’ ve held on to him a bit longer . we might see his face and hear his name again .
0	done ! url
0	becoming a woman ?
1	because 45 % of american are too lazy to vote . non-voters skew liberal . and too many liberal who do vote throw their vote away on 3rd party loser . next question ?
0	a soon a kavanaugh is seated you can say goodbye to federal gun control . never in your life will you see it again .
0	conservative are 1000x funnier than liberal .
0	more than that how low she is
1	f the democrat . slimy bastard .
0	nice .
1	when are the republican going to learn that democrat hate conservative .vote thursday
1	she ’ s my bitch
0	1000 gay child have now died a a result of bert and ernie not being gay . hope ur happy conservative .
0	good . we can only hope . keep talking .
0	why are they searching this man home he is the one they shot ? who care if he had a little weed it is a red herring
0	the liberal have used and abused the african american and any other group that come in contact with them this just an extension of their corrupt and ruthless way of trying to get power .the # metoo .so called movement ha been reduced to a tool
0	you are absolutely right smdh
0	republican-dominated chamber of commerce wo n't let him . just like nra tie his hand in any gun control . he 'd like u to think he 's in charge of everything .
1	she is a liar
0	all aboard # maga url
0	simon said he hope garth writes ketterer a song - knowing his guy need outside help 2 get the vote - btw i do n't think garth is going 2 do that i saw him in a video say a much . kettterer & amp ; other act r battling for 2nd courtney is an unstoppable force - she is a hurricane !
1	they ’ re abso shite quality tho
0	and he is out for game 2. he ha played like 6 game in 4 year . the team can no longer depend on him . get somebody here that actually play football game .
1	gon na call bullshit on that one .
1	yea shit suck thats why i stopped watching anime mostly
1	that is why you never want to deal with the left/democrats . they have become lunatic . # trumpderangementsyndrome
0	unless he is resigning !
1	and yet million of permit holding people carried legally concealed firearm that same day and didn ’ t hurt themselves or anyone else . but yet they want to have stronger gun control . idiot ! our wonderful medium ha to hype incident that fit their agenda .
0	are you suggesting that i fall for that ? i certainly do not support the liberal vis-à-ve democrat agenda . read my tweet . i ’ m on the right so vote gop .
0	august 2018 – read the best of new novel story pitch url
0	my man ! let ’ s go !
0	once again doe zero research . but she is on the tv ! !
0	that she is . url
1	man i ’ m glad i can make y ’ all ’ s day . i just be saying stupid shit on the fly . i ain ’ t trying i ’ m just dumb lmao url
0	. is like railroad track - laid across the country
1	she is a complete idiot
0	you know that the conservative are worried when they try to show some heart .
0	combined iq= -6
0	my name is whitney not whitey
0	completely agree . the political legacy of cameron & amp ; osbourne will be overlooked because of the eu debacle . how they took the country from £158bn deficit and kept everything running wa a political miracle .
1	i bet they all have 'fitted ' waist . because woman are meant to look 'hourglass ' even when they do n't give a shit .
1	now you touched visa-mata 's raw nerve by saying modi for 2019 '' thats why she may block you soon she is having wild/wet dream of being pm after modi fail to get full majority in 2019. please dont wake her up from her dream of bhajpaa getting 160 seat in 2014 ''
0	she is not decent anywhere and most people who respect '' her have no idea what she stand for . ''
1	go after nra if they allowed gun control this would n't happen .
0	trump proposes racial profiling a a tactic 'to start thinking about ' url
1	# unsealthedeals of # congress sexual assault # slushfunds now pls # maga bc # wethepeople want to know ! the # hypocrisy of # doublestandarddems is sickening ! # declassifyfisa # declassifyrelease302sunredacted & amp ; # declassifypowsdocuments while yr at it . # darktolight url
0	what an angry person she is url
0	she is clothed with strength and dignity and laugh without fear of the future . proverb 31:25
0	when liberal are uncomfortable .
0	hey tina goodmorning lol
0	because the cost of seat is too high . still on that kneeling thing are we ?
1	well iwas cool my girl don ’ t like shit popping out at her so it scared her a little when shit popped out
0	9.15am appointment with a specialist and she is already running 45 minute behind schedule . front end booking strategy so she never ha in paid appointment all day . the arrogance of medical specialist is impressive . architect could learn a lot from them .
1	sensible gun control can only help . mentally unstable people should not have gun . people with restraining order should not have gun . no one need a gun with a magazine more than 5-6 round ( unless the zombie apocalypse happens ) .
1	regarding the story i think i 'm going to kill the president '' , why is it reporter `` never '' follow up on how a convicted felon could obtain , in this case , 6 gun ? what 's the police doing about , or would that bring light to the gun control issue ? bias ? ''
0	you are absolutely right
0	mitch ... that ’ s not true ... a big thing would be to remove all you gop nra shill from office and elect people who understand what america want .... the majority of american want sensible gun control .
0	. me think you are terrified of american seeing the declassified doc ! we conservative like transparency which seems to be a dirty word to u dems . p we have no worry about our great president ! # declassifyitall
0	# brexit so we are being dangled another fictional carrot by conservative of an increase in social housing in 2021 ...... we don ’ t know what ’ s happening in 6 month ? are we meant to be a stupid a trump supporter and swallow this propaganda ?
0	hope you are having a beautiful and blessed sunday url
1	a i ’ m watching it bentley kept looking at me he being crate trained again so we good for now . he only allowed out to eat pee and shit and occasionally play time
1	i know who she is but i 've never seen her watch a benfica game this take shit to a new level
0	okay blane . now get back to your basement and keep making antifa dress .
1	yeahh tbh most that do are weirdo and think about sex in a very weird way .
0	the interview is a very important part of the hiring process . and selling yourself may not come naturally . make sure you 're fully prepared : url ^tn
0	you mean like gun control policy to try to reduce school shooting ? ? or just one that you like ?
0	holder belongs in jail .
0	man they should really consider some type of gun control .
0	what do you mean by not for 45 year ? i recall relatively recent local gun control law being overturned by congress . am i misremembering ?
0	thank you chase i miss you more than anything but i know you are where your supposed to be ! love you too the moon
0	weird
0	please follow yoda liberal
0	.theresa_may : today i can announce that new longer-term partnership will be opened up to the most ambitious housing association through a ground-breaking £2 billion initiative ... the first time any government ha offered housing association such long-… url
0	do any dems/libs have a real job ? ? they sure have a lot of free time ! !
1	nah it 's coz you 're a cunt . blocked
0	antifa blocking the road in salzburg # salzburgsummit18 url
1	shit up
1	awh shit .
1	i 'm sure it 's just all democratic political pay for play
1	you liberal ... smh ... tweeting stupid shit ! trump order elimination of isi ( obama didn ’ t ) .... people ! .. think about how people r not murder now ( saved ) because we hav killed of isi
0	that 's different because it 's a panel show . i 'm talking about paul golding actually being a news anchor . we 'd end up with a british tucker carlson .
0	several of the western liberal are not too happy with national focus of saudi .
0	heavenly father i ask for a hedge of protection for those in the path of this horrendous storm . may god bless the usa , the potus and the patriot of this great nation ! may god 's wrath fall upon all tyrant , human trafficker and those who betray our great nation ! wwg1wga '' ''
1	this soros guy need to be investigated . he 's been kicked out of other nation & amp ; here his name keep coming up with all these anti-american group . finance antifa . pay folk to act crazy at trump event . i know he is against our sovereignty . he hate our constitutional right .
0	i warn you against asking for that this rosh hashana . look how gun control worked out for u in germany .
1	look at how shamelessly liberal lie to destroy a man 's life ...
0	she is such a beautiful soul . my heart ache for the loss of her babies- but am so happy for her and her rainbow baby .
0	insanity ... just like the commie ! # hypocrisy # thestorm # maga # kag # qanon url
1	that ’ s shitty
1	we waiting on mean as florence to do what she gon na do . ack
0	are you sure she was't just thinking about herself .
0	can anyone say “ washed up actor trying to stay relevant ? ” !
0	judge nap : get ready for another version of clarence thomas-anita hill hearing url this is # theliberalway stop the pathetic lying # dems # maga
0	-c- she is also wearing black leggings/boots . this attire wa later shown to be her outfit in route 01 # enebot
0	you are changing the world
0	he is following order . simple .
0	this is going to backfire for the liberal ... badly . i 'm guessing feinstein wa fixing to retire because this should sink her .
0	our republic wa in crisis . we the people elected the only man who could give u a chance to save it from the like of socialist democrat , antifa , mob rule , and your resistance '' . tread carefully with your word a you are now dangerously close to seditious conspiracy . ''
0	and no one care
0	... while wearing his t shirt promoting gun control ...
1	yeah he had to go back to the faerie world to handle shit there
0	she is buttering the medium up ... guilty ...
0	he is with her . trust that jesus ha her in the palm of his hand . # jesusitrustinyou bless you !
0	... or the many other instance where ar-15s used for home defense are labeled mass shooting '' by gun control : url
0	1/2 url so because he speaks in a manner that is in layman 's term that ca n't be misinterpreted , say most people do n't know ( which liberals/democrats prove everyday ) , say believe me '' , say very bad , talk about serious issue make him barbarically ''
0	# teamspotlightsunday this spotlight go to 2 woman ! meghan mcdermott and alanna mcdermott . meghan ha decided to do something to make her vision come true . she is sticking to her plan and with many obstacle she still stayed the course . i am so proud of you meghan not giving up ! url
0	also he is not even accused of rape .
1	that would be silly .
0	he is probably trapped in his mind palace . e-every android model ha one .
0	send him this party # manifesto where they promised they will help family maybe that will remind him his duty . # hostileenvironment # priceonlove # skypefamilies url
0	why isn ’ t the medium reporting the “ soros ” connection . i saw only you tweet yesterday in regard to the lawyer of the alleged victim ? conservative need to follow the money !
0	no we no mames
1	oh please every network is reporting this . this is bullshit obviously but stop pretending it 's just fox . your political bigotry is showing .
1	oh shit
0	salesforce billionaire marc benioff buy time for $ 190 million '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
1	you are pathetic !
0	from the woman who slept her way onto the stage ...
1	hahahahahaha ...... said the idiot who handed over billion to the iranian in what wa likely the worst deal in the history of u foreign policy .... you are the poster child for someone not qualified to do a job '' .... ''
1	hypocrite ! ! you run a commercial about ur support for gun control & amp ; protecting kid showing ur kid . really ! u support abortion . what ’ s the difference in that and a gun ? they both kill !
0	how is what she is doin g patriotic ? i mean—you ’ re basically saying it is a political act against the nominee . like—she waited to come forward until it would cause max damage ... i ’ m not saying she ’ s lying at all ... but what you ’ re saying is crazy .
0	she is lying to you ... she is outright lying ...
1	honestly you people are seriously delusional ! it ’ s a good thing the majority of fan in ottawa are educated ! because ppl like you are scary !
0	anonymous profile pic with 16 follower defending trump . see that a lot on his thread . whoever you are you have no idea if they 're prepared or not . 2900+ people died in pr from their lack of preparedness and response after the damage . ice doe n't need $ 10m more to cage child .
1	holder should 've been removed and jailed year ago .
0	just make sure you have another one to march out there when this one get laughed at ok ? think ahead liberal or should we just back off because she 's a female ?
1	in the fake national emergency that wa created by conservative for their nwo bullshit
1	why ! do the gun control people believe legal owner are not following current law ? you fool . it is about making the citizen of the usa defenseless .
0	. offer a different view on why liberal outnumber conservative at university : url url
0	and you know he is probably saying the softest thing and yet he look like this : what is the truth ? !
0	fun fact : rural area with extremely high gun ownership rate ha nearly-zero homicide rate while urban area with extreme gun control ( low ownership rate ) ha astronomically high homicide rate . why is the correlation exactly opposite ?
1	the term parasite '' ha now been added to my list of `` fuck you '' term , which also includes the term `` widget '' . ''
0	someone please show this and front and center tonight unless we get the declass out today # maga url
1	i told myself this but no matter how much i try life keep biting me in the as
1	harris make herself look very ignorant daily ! # maga without them !
1	quite possible . you are very right to be skeptical . but one ha to start somewhere !
0	republican should make stand and demand proof of any allegation by liberal . country ha wasted too much time investigating back to back false allegation by liberal . it ha not left u any time to investigate their corruption .
0	# talklikeapirateday uk scurvy pirate plundered # 1950swomen 's state pension chest & amp ; refuse to parlay marooned u with no gold doubloon only wormy biscuit # 1950sbornwomen will sail alongside blast a broadside & amp ; make them walk plank # backto60 # onevoice url
0	go away already !
1	i havent checked it so i cant say anything .
1	damn right .if you think any different then your part of the problem with this country .thank god we have a president who put # america # first instead of putting illigal alien ahead of american .
1	gun control . . . mean being to hit what your aiming at ! these elderly homeowner have great gun control !
1	my old as wa here url
1	oh yeah terry porter 40 second pi call ( osu alumn ) ... naw im over it ... your coach and his scumbag history ... if you know anything about his history with aaron hernandez you would know what kind of scumbag he is ... but osu is a shithole so the story go on .. url
0	+++ i ca n't prove causation either but while the conservative in cda surely love the idea of ( ¬ bashing pm ca n't help but think they 're also egging the former to continue the bashing to boost their fortune ( s ) vainly . url
0	ever get the feeling these people do not live in the same universe a we do ?
0	i do like your tweet ! , but maybe you should be more focused on consolidating them and sending fewer out , i miss many of them and you leave yourself open to the new liberal fascist movement antifa ? '' ''
0	all the leftist organization have , antifa , the green , i went to a wobbly meeting in 2014 and they spent 0 time talking about labor practice , law , policy , etc . they spent the whole meeting on a resolution to be more trans inclusive , '' when 1/2 them present were already gnc . ''
0	an excellent idea she is so intelligent and relentless .
0	oh the liberal will shove race in everything !
0	he is not allowed to do this he need to be prosecuted
1	well he 's a liberal so that explains it . who know the shooter may be a liberal a far a he know . liberal are very hateful violent people and must be defeated !
0	he had to say this . it the only way his player will trust him . he doesnt really believe it .
1	holder is responsible for selling gun to the mexican cartel . just another obama administration law breaker .
0	liberal philosophy is your guilty until proven innocent
1	this girl called herself tryna call me ugly . i had to show her how ugly she is .
0	should i name all the reason ? url
1	this is dumb . an european government is allowed to make a decision that affect the entire planet . also how would they even enforce this ? are they going to bug every computer in the world ?
1	she is demented .
0	do n't forget & amp ; democrat backed # antifa
0	did gutierrez go help ? or is he just a blow heart
0	when gun control doe n't work will you support common sense knife control ? url
0	no , no . olivia is fine . infact , she is here with me . you have a meeting today to discus and approve of a new project . '' he replied to him honestly , faith tilted her head to the side a she frowned a little in curiosity a she listened in on the phone call . ''
0	how could anyone want to vote for a democrat who want open border and gun control
0	hillaryous lmao waa boo hoo
1	good grief ! that 's a relief ! now get rid of antifa .
1	he is a child ~ a retarded one .
0	“ spotty gun control ” and “ no internal border ” is my point . every gun sale in cali ha to go through a ffl . it ’ s illegal to buy them out of state . it ’ s illegal for gang member in chicago to get gun out of state . a far a a nationwide ban how ’ s that drug war working out for you ?
0	you are incredible
1	she is human garbage that is what is wrong
0	and the so called letter is where ?
0	please do n't tie him to the left - the guy pathalogical also , let 's not make alt-left '' a thing . the alt right are nazi and white supremacist a bunch of random college / yuppie socialist , podcasters , and a few antifa are not equivalent in any way , shape , or form . ''
1	re ford when she wa 15 where were her parent . are liberals/corrupt politician all going collude with people to come up with story from year ago that ca n't be proved . and to the senator from hawaii she 's the reason woman have a hard time . life ai n't easy .
1	bet ford is a part of antifa and the berkeley gang
0	how 's not going low '' been working for conservative ? ''
0	he is eating instead of sleeping ! what 's new
0	i keep asking ... what is the cause of death ? ? ? starvation or from the hurricane itself ? ? ? ?
0	excellent ! her welfare check awaits .
0	i wa actually thinking you were joining antifa .
0	# maximebernier 's new party stake out classical # liberalvalues : # donpittis | cbc news url
0	liberal and their game
1	i saw that but i dont think thats a tattoo . it look like that fuckin fashion fabric string or some shit . idk . might not me but that as look exactly like hers ha
1	ummm you ca n't hear what she hears because you 're not bat poop crazy like she is .
0	she ha no credibility . life in a $ 4 million mansion and associate with antifa . who would stab her in the back anyway .
1	to be fair . i ’ m positive most liberal are just blob of cell ..
0	91.3fm the edge is playing what you are '' by audioslave . ''
1	conservative who quit rather than fight betray every claim that con are patriot '' & amp ; `` will fight for our constitution . '' it reveals extremism & amp ; defeatism at once . dems know they will win if they stick together . history prof it . ''
0	antifa ha new uniform ?
0	so innocent until proven guilty only applies to liberal ? ? ? ? ?
0	but there 's a saying you are what you eat '' i aint wan na be a loose chicken i wan na be loose to ma daddy ``
1	according to the liberal yes ! guilty unless she prof her innocence ! wait are you a man ? if so then no you can not be trusted ever ! how dare you make a claim against a woman ! woman are above the sin of man ! we are perfect !
0	because conservatism is dying and they know it is . so they are going to try everything in their power to hold on to their perception of what america should look like despite the fact most american are more centralist-liberals .
0	amazing how liberal will believe any lie that support their agenda . this ford lady is an out right loony tune liar . kavanaugh ’ s mother ruled against her parent in court year ago . ford ha scrubbed most of her social medium account to hide her true leftist activism # liar
1	he wa almost .... almost a bad a obama !
0	ironic ( or worse ) that anti- 2nd amendment legislator want an activist judiciary to verify gun control but same law maker are anti # co
0	oh nooooos ! ! ! i hope you are safe during this storm ! !
0	you are very talented clare . what else can you make out of paper ?
0	when it come to gun control in order to make all of america happy remove all gun list from conservative . then take all the gun from card toting democrat . that way everybody is happy . everybody is safe
1	she doesn ’ t remember her clothes or his clothes or the house or how she got there or what song they were playing or what exact date . this is nothing but weaponizing me too with false accusation for ulterior motif . but if fiberals can defend # antifa terrorist this is nothing .
1	my opinion isn ’ t false just a is you ’ re isn ’ t . you can ’ t downplay my feeling because it doesn ’ t fit into your narrative . what right are we taking away ? ? ? better gun control ? ? ? if that hurt your soul oh well . a dead child hurt mine more
0	this is absurd . read more about the history , politics , and true belifs of fascism . antifa do not/ can not do the bidding of ruling class because that 's what fascism is for aka bootlicker . and u.s. liberal '' have always been right leaning . ''
1	disgusting
0	and i meant gun control ! lol and oops !
0	but liberal do .
0	the clinton news network strike again .
0	i mean gun control so you ca n't defend yourself
0	somewhere i saw that the real reason that gun control wa first pushed in the 60 's wa to keep the gun out of the minority hand .
1	liberal don ’ t give a sh ! t . they have no soul .
1	evidently she 's a big a narcissist a he is .
0	me bro
0	all life matter ! ! ! !
0	-being on food stamp -liking boys/girls or liking both -not knowing who you are -your body size -not knowing something -scared to ask for help -not dating someone -what you wear
0	at time this all seems fake and made up . it doe to me anyway because it not being disguised in any way . there blatant hatred show he is the enemy or something . who really know . assumption can be made from across the isle and from fringe and alternative news and medium .
0	it freaking suck
0	just didn ’ t look like any of the mannerism he ha exhibited . glad he is in cf
0	you are the most attractive ever ! ! seriously maga ets have creepy taste . the rest of u know attractive when we see it ! ! plus we have great hair on this side of the isle ! ! \o/
1	this is a big deal . hatch ha to be embarrassed . oh yeah he is senile and ca n't find the bathroom by himself .
0	well they ’ ve run out of space that isn ’ t environmentally protected . we don ’ t live on an island of infinite land
1	i think he is on crack !
0	hahahahaha ! ! really ? : stiglitz is nobel prize . you are a simple stockbroker .
0	awesome . of course the left will think differently but who care . this is great ! ! !
0	burt . a cool dude .
0	and antifa idiot forced them to use their medicare to fix the broken part of their body caused by antifa . requiring other people who do have kindness for others to pick up their wheelchair they were thrown from and help them until the ambulance arrived .
1	the first person got it by having sex with animal ..
0	he is really bad . glove always turned the wrong way . how is this possible for a major league catcher ?
0	# wisdomwednesday - forgiveness say you are given another chance for a new beginning '' . pray with forgiveness in your heart and you can guarantee an answer to… url
1	he is competing for worst president again .
0	nah i ain ’ t done it yet . usually you have to walk extra far just to get to one so it defeat the purpose
1	these people are the worst kind of criminal playing off the emotion of their base fueling hatred in this country with insane rhetoric . playing constant mind game to cause anger is not helping their cause some liberal are catching on .
0	i love how the anti-gun-control folk are simultaneously you ca n't blame the gun when people die '' but also `` you ca n't blame the cop when gun just go off '' . ''
1	. rate claim that the safe act is the nation 's toughest gun control law mostly false . '' url
0	amen brother . he is bringing back america to be our great country . bring it president donald j trump .
1	lmao @ the world league viewership compared to league of legend or overwatch or c : go . main issue are that the format is shit and the game is on console . so you need to fix one of them . console could be turned into an advantage uf u capture the attention of joe shmo
0	# pakneedsmediapolicy so called desi liberal want uncontrolled n unlimited liberty of medium that is not acceptable or positive for any society url
1	rip lmao who know that 's why i 'm trying so hard not to expose my shit since they ca n't never relate anyway
0	antifa are brown shirt . you ... just special .
0	this avi ! ! ! who you think you are .
0	50 year mandatory federal sentence for any crime committed with a gun . stop the gun control nonsense and punish the guilty ! no politician today will support this ! ! gun control and safe zone do n't work . pol do n't want le crime only hot air ! ! url
1	trump doe not understand his job ? trump will go down a the most successful and obama and his entire admin a most corrupt
1	she is unfit for office . mentally deranged .. unstable ..
0	what if you wanting gun control offended me ? should you be fined ?
0	# tory # labour # ge2017 # conservative conservative url theresa_may : we have three fantastic shortlisted conservative candidate for mayor of london in shaunbaileyuk andrewboff and joymorrissey - all proud advocate for london . if y… url
0	purp he is chris .... im the real cj until further notice # psa
0	ward is were he is because he is really good at what he doe . not every successful test player is good at presenting and commentating . ward and now key are a welcome addition to the sky team
1	a perfect description of antifa . fascist shit bag .
0	uhh .. he is so cute .. i do n't know what it is about a strong man 's man i luv .. lol .. especially that can fight .. i guess bc i had to grow up being able to hold mine being so short to the point you do n't have to worry about fighting anymore ..
0	michael moore need to move out of the country a he promised if won !
1	liberal have the number and money . conservative would get smoked . kansa alone get beat inside of 2 hour .
1	perfect example of a country with gun control . i bet those guy were happy the criminal didn ’ t have gun .
0	. oh pooey on snoop ... who ’ s snoop ? # maga
1	# lindasarsour is # fakefeminist she 's pushing # sharialaw and # antisemetic and # liberal are buying it she wa born in brooklyn to # palestinian parent 's whom are # antisemetic and # antiamerican prof that leopard ca n't change it 's spot . # pcliberal # wakeup url
0	bwahahaha-work ? they are liberal tool , honest work is for the conservative who they depend on to support their chubby little self . also , i hear they are getting $ 50 ( and free food ) to be protester . '' ''
0	conservative wont whitewash the accusation ... both side will be heard ! in private and again in public if necessary ... let them hash out the actual significance of an event 37years ago between a 17yr old boy and a 15yr old girl .. i would go so far a to say let each cross-examine
1	//xd well the suffering she go through and all the terrible shit she see end up making her pretty insane ( i think you already seen that from certain thing i posted xd ) but hey at least she 's only insane to bad guy !
0	everyone is at home taking a knee to the nfl .
1	he need to be placed naked in the stock in stockholm while the swedish people sik heil his backside .
0	so you are saying the author of these article are not representative of the message of most liberal ?
0	the war on free speech = antifa & amp ; tech giant
0	you are more than your productivity '' ? ''
0	he is guilty until proven innocent ! ! !
0	once again if you look at the timeline the only one who are so proud of her is liberal or white liberal . like i tell my hispanic community when you see liberal offended for minority becareful these people are not your friend .
0	i would n't be so confident in her exclusion if i were you , if she is n't in oh well '' , but if she is , you may have a lot of `` told ya so 's '' by different people ''
1	i always knew that is how biden and obama felt about conservative . it ’ s just shocking that they so easily admit it now . no wonder there is such hatred and violence on the left !
0	how wonderful to see our president on the ground in new burn nc handing out hot meal and spending time with the hurricane victim ! ! ! rare site to see a u president who care so much about the american people . we love you so thankful for your service to our country . # maga
1	can we talk about how he is having the worst year of any player in yankee history ?
0	amazing when reporter are scared of the truth ! ! doe n't that tell you everything ! # maga # releasethedocuments
1	nigga then how can you say bo2 is the best cod url
0	hmm .. closest emoji to a shovel go figure ...
0	93 % negative coverage say you are delusional
0	- last halloween and christmas my baby girl wa still baking . she is here this year & amp ; i can ’ t wait to dress up with her and take picture .
0	the cover and your hair are glorious
1	just chicago so they can stop the gun violence . seems that is what democrat claim will stop it . show u in one of the worst gun violence city controlled by democrat so the nation will see how that work . make it a model of successful gun control policy .
1	# thankstrump this is a 'start ' we must get these 'numbers ' down to 0 ( zero ) by 'any ' and 'all ' mean 'necessary ' these so-called 'refugees ' who are not 'terrorist sexual criminal ' must stop being 'cowards ' and 'return ' to 'their native land ' to 'fight ' # maga # refugeesnotwelcome
0	her name is justice . she demand he is innocent
1	yes do hurt your self gun control freak .
1	hiding like the caged animal he is .
0	correction : antifa - peaceful protester
0	. congratulation ! thank you for being a role model for so many young conservative . the conservative movement can not thanknyou enough . thank you for everything you have taught me . url
0	fake news . two came forward the rest did n't want to get attacked by liberal .
0	nah they are liberal
0	that sum up the state of liberal
0	he is brilliant .
1	anyone can say or write anything about themselves . suppose tomorrow she say that she is a prophet and human race need to follow her . what doe that tell about her ? once i see someone a useless moron i stop giving them any attention . you do the same brother . she is nobody .
1	happy 1stbirthday to savage ( song from a broken world ) ! this time lst yr it dropped in my door and damn did it do some shit ! little did we all know the ride it wa going to take you and u a fan on . thank you for this masterpiece ! # garynuman # savage # no2album url
0	i 'll take snowflake over maga lightweight any day of the week . because i have standard .
0	i thought they turned into antifa ?
0	they won ’ t be the last . ford support them and levi ’ s ha come out for gun control . corporate america is going to take our country back .
0	she is not leaving bb
0	why you ignore my best friend she all deserve your fucking follow she love you with all your heart she waiting for 8 year
0	liberal can ’ t meme . they have no sense of humor or knowledge of meme-ing philosophy .
0	for example , i do n't think that liberal imposition or inauthenticity '' is the issue here . the issue is that of border and citizenship - liberal assume the same right and equality argument apply across border that apply within border . but that is not a widely shared view . ''
0	# mediatoo : selective putrid outrage only at conservative only by liberal who want u to know how moral they are ! ! ! url
0	gun control law that do n't have any control on gun . hopefully a new mayor and government support can help the city . god bless this woman and her family .
1	so ... did angela hook up with a younger guy so she ha someone to wipe her butt when she is 75 ?
0	your title scare me a little bit . ; - )
0	why is it a confederate flag 'makes ' one a racist ? an antifa flag make one an america hating terrorist .
0	come on ! even 35 year later and do n't remember any actual detail of the event ? this is nothing but another liberal doing whatever it take to stop a conservative . the real shame here is seeing what liberal will do to get their way . u should be the one that should feel ashamed
0	i had the good fortune of having her jump on a stickerwoman post a while back . she is a woman she tried to tell me that stickerwoman wa a hate crime against muslim ...
0	awesome
0	would be great to see you in a scene for
0	he 's walking on a street with the strictest gun control in the usa . 1+1=2 .
0	both of you are going to have to take several seat when it come to kyle
1	pathetic
0	breibart=comic section !
0	you can make fun of liberal that come up with fake story .
0	sure thing
0	you are not alone here . i did n't like the last jedi a bit more than force awakens . can not talk about solo because did n't see it . but rouge one is the other star war under disney that wa good .
0	why should she go ? she is a whole person on her own . she can do her job regardless .
0	you may not be funny but you are serving up some serious truth bomb and i love it . thanks ! ! !
1	most liberal know deep down that it 's oppressive and misogynistic but that 's better than being a racist islamophobe which is what you are according to liberal if you dare speak out against it . this is how low the standard for debate is on topic like this .
1	fuck you cunt . try this on for size . url
0	by saying they eat my dog '' in correlation to bts , you are automatically relating asian to `` dog-eaters '' . you know that bts doe n't eat dog , so your comment wa obviously meant to convey hate . ''
0	antifa should be declared a domestic terrorist organization .
0	neither doe antifa
0	i head a little boy ?
0	this is proof the liberal left can not think for themselves and have to be told what to say .
1	how am i villifying him ? he literally did have a 2 hour rant about imaginary bolshevik and how woman should just stop complaining . if you think that is no true wrong '' , then well , i got news for you buddy : it mean you are a shitty a he is . ''
0	no fan left .
1	principled conservative know canadian liberal medium 24/7 hate news is only to help justin trudeau it ’ s obvious you ’ re one who ’ s being manipulated and that hurt canada . read my 60 pinned tweet thread for explanation . i see you ignore trump support israel
1	omg fuck our life si
0	he is .
0	it amazes me how much in synch you are with the man who commuted your prison sentence . it 's no wonder that you like each other .
0	people are sick of book from crook . # maga # redwaverising url
0	# trump # maga | : jack dorsey , to his credit , ha openly acknowledged that he ha a culture within his company that is hostile to conservative . now the question is , what is he going to do about it ? '' url url | ''
0	she is so frickin adorable
1	bitch please . you commie dems are the one riding hell bent for leather to destroy democracy and the republic .
0	oh my heart ! she is beautiful . much more beautiful than the immersion blender .
0	you are an individual of excellent taste .
0	he is a sick puppy . normal teen boy dont attempt rape . it is predatory behavior . he prob did it more than once . this isnt isolated behavior .
0	hi ilysm it ha been such a great day
1	we all know it ’ s not even close to bribery . she ’ s using that term to defend her disgusting and disgraceful decision to vote with her party over the american people . i have to wonder how much she is getting paid for the yes vote .
0	what 's maga stand for ? my attorney got arrested ?
0	project much , do you ? every campaign flier i get in the mail from dem candidate is about healthcare , education funding , and the wealth gap ; every flier from their gop opponent is so-and-so will stand with nancy pelosi and the liberal '' identity politics horseshit . ''
1	i 'm assuming i 'm not going to get an answer ' : brainless # liberal stooge ocasio-cortez . on $ 40t policy plan url # wakeupamerica this is not america 's future vote republican or surrender america to these # dem moron # maga
1	-____- no other 1st world country ha bullshit like this because they do n't have bullshit problem like this fuck the gun industry and fuck the dipshits enabling them preventing sensible gun control url
1	bro they were laughing into her face and almost pissing their pant and i wa standing beside it like wtf mind ur own business
1	just because his best stats season wa at 34 doesn ’ t mean he ’ s the greatest pl midfielder fuck off
0	congrats love ! you are proof that with enough courage and determination you can literally overcome anything . thank you for being a beacon of hope to everyone .
0	you are too modest
0	yeah ... a if when a lady stranger randomly walk into your home the first thing you think to do is obey her verbal command .... sound like she is trying to blame him for his own murder . unbelievable .
1	that or she is an awfully good transvestite
0	yes he is shhh
0	# maga # patriot # qanon # walkaway # wwg1wga # godsarmy # thegreatawakening # jesuslives # catchtheredwave # votered please sign to remove conservatorship that obama put on fannie mae & amp ; freddie url
0	just because it is n't a sexy diagnosis doe n't mean it get low quality care . you are making an incorrect assumption .
0	this prof that liberal only care about these issue when republican are in control .
1	nope . it 's clear and you are lying . also every accusation against known child molester # roymoore wa true . conservative love ( r ) apists .
0	.. oath must be subpoenaed to testify . there is a lifetime appointment at stake here . please do it right this time & amp ; do not allow orrin hatch who ha already made up his mind she is lying be allowed to question her . his kind of question could invite a lawsuit .
1	they can ’ t . his a sheep . just follow along with fake news and put everyone who can think for themselves a kkk . antifa wannabe
1	there are no timely response in rap beef lmaoooooo na took three month to respond to jay and he bodied him . em always take a month or more . where did y'all get this timely response shit ?
0	so doe antifa go to church ?
1	this fluffy bastard . url
1	until it your as in the hot seat # walkaway # wwg1wga # pizzagate # qanon # hivites # maga # eagleonetowanta .
0	that is exactly what liberal and dems think about people on the right . it 's funny how we 've been pitted against each other when really our interest are all very similar with just some nuance . i 'm a criminal defense attorney and i fight every day to protect our bill of right .
0	maybe we need more gun control after all - liberal should not be allowed to posse them !
0	you are amazing and i love youuuu ! !
0	thank you . if you think something is not strict enough regarding our current gun control law then due tell . but i have a feeling you have no clue what our current gun law are and you just hoped on to the ban trolly
0	hahaha ... it didnt happen so she is fine .....
1	yo why won ’ t you let me post a link fam ... doe it offend you ? you little salty spittoon ... you literally allow porn such a but you don ’ t allow federal shit ... # censorship # confirmkavanaugh # confirmkavenaugh # maga url
0	state . kavanaugh will destroy any chance at federal gun control in our lifetime .
0	you are something else
0	you are an inspiration to u all .
1	another sick liberal
0	that ’ s awesome ! i bet liberal are screaming right now . trump ’ s face when he heard it wa great ! go trump !
0	and your fan keep going back and forth between “ it ’ s not in the report ” to “ the police or she is lying ”
1	i got this
0	but you are much prettier .
1	because some people are bastard . you 're hopelessly naïve if you think plenty of fraud wo n't take advantage of this law change for malign purpose .
1	same tbh could they just stop spreading rumor and false news ? we are hurt enough we dont need all this shit
0	followed all not previously followed . # maga # kag # walkaway # trumptrain # nodaca # iwantthewall url
0	gun control work real well in chicago right mr alos
1	theresa may isn ’ t nice
0	# brexit chequer proposal is a disaster for britain ! # chuckchequers now ! url
0	but will she stand up and do the right thing ... she is a rino .
1	get that shit off my phone bono - i ’ ll never forgive you
1	you are a cheap a cheap she is ... try with bible and quran if you really have gut
0	doe anyone proof read these article before you post them ? the article state 'the victim is in hospital in a critical condition where she remains ' . probably best she doe a the headline tell u that she is dead ! ! ! sack the 12yo work experience kid who put this together .
0	you are awfully quiet .
0	what ’ s a book about president trump got to do with an antifa pamphlet ?
0	stale
0	hurray ! all hard core liberal in the light liberal party .
1	rescue conservative from it own demon ? who are the two or three most notorious serial abuser of woman in the last 30 year ? hint : they were not gop . did they ever face consequence ?
0	woman + liberal . nuff said . kavanaugh to be confirmed next week regardless of these desperate game . game over . # maga
0	i recognize the one a # antifa based on the board he becomes
0	in honor of # constitutionday i purchased a # trump t-shirt and a # maga hat # trumptrain # liberty # freedom # america # usa # liberty url
0	he is the eggman .
0	if this fan were paying any attention at all they would know you are about to bite into an heirloom apple duh .
0	that make zero sense a you are conflating biogenic with non biogenic emission source .
1	how about your outrage over this ? do something so you can be credible instead of being perceived a demagogue partisan # maga url
0	look like my sylvester and he look like a skunk . love him to piece though . he is so sweet . my girl cat ha a unique personality . she is sweet but ha her moment .
0	oh no i know why that i just do n't know what she is talking about because i do n't see a tweet she is repling too lol
0	serena wa constantly berating the guy between game . even said he would never work one of her match again . the third warning wa completely justified . she is no saint . sad such a champion lost her cool so badly
1	that 's exactly what his as get lmaoo
1	a bat my nigga
0	sorry fella but connelly thought he wa hollywood # craigkardashian
0	i notified twitter last night of my tweet not being seen & amp ; i can ’ t see many of my follower ’ s tweet . also while wa testifying last week in the senate my qfd ban suddenly disappeared . minute my tweet steer towards politics nothing go through !
1	shocking . consider most of the country want smart gun control . not the wild wild west like you espouse .
0	( 2 ) if you are not registered to vote . go and register . you can also do same day registration in connecticut if you can not before november 6 .
1	2018 chart she is . overall fuck no . cardi got way to go to catch niki
0	# guncontrol # robbery # murder # selfdense # defend # secondammendment why you do n't want gun control three armed home invader try to ambush homeowner | active self protection url via
1	the rating are low because of people like you & amp ; the other guy making fun of conservative .. this is one reason why trump won .. you people just do n't get it & amp ; pitiful & amp ; shameful ...
0	really should look at the google stock value over the past 5 year and then let see tear .
0	lmao . he ’ ll be confirmed on schedule . then we start the very short clock on rbg . and 1 or 2 or 3 more in the next 6.5 year . along with another 30-40 % lower court appointment . the democrat destruction over the last 10 year ha been epic ! ! and hilarious . # maga
1	so y'all are gon na fight against gun control but y'all laughing at this guy literally pulling out a gun and shooting it ?
0	the splc have also listed antifa and blm a well soooo ...
0	glad no one watch her !
0	he is the type of person who belief what is trending on twitter is collective reality .
0	except antifa don ’ t fit any of the archetype of fascism ? if your definition of fascism is “ wear a mask and is violent ” then you should also include : -riot cop -the military -right wing demonstrator
0	wait for it ... gun control ... oh wait hoggy boy is in canada
0	he is perfect for the part ! im with it .
0	doxx her . see if she is a lilly white a she put on .
1	i purposefully had my damsel '' be a bit of a badass . she is saved by the protag , saved by the third party member , and stick her neck out to save their hind quarter just a often ( if not more ! ) . sure , she may have ulterior motif ( * evil laugh * ) but she 's still pretty kickass ! ''
0	please tell that to your fellow soros lackies of antifa
1	who authorized a search warrant of mr jean home ? racist what about her drug test . this is premediated murder . he will not be slandered . he is the victim .
1	andrea mitchell . another political hack embedded in the news medium . listen to the tone of that interview . she is looking for a gotcha moment instead of commending the guy for the work that he is doing . at every turn he shoot her down and it kill her .
1	so ha the law changed ... you just make an allegation now day and your guilty until proven innocent . liberal are mentally ill !
1	im fucking sad also this gif is art
0	she is with stormy
0	the criminal need gun control
1	i just gave beto $ 100 and you all should a well . trump called ted 's wife ugly and he is still licking his boot for help with reelection .
1	session is not doing his job ! he is a deep state rino just like you !
1	everyone should know about this . it 's about time we called out these violent liberal that have gone so far off the deep end .
1	fuck alan i ’ m sorry
0	... jim carrey ’ s la mansion . plus a $ 13 million penthouse in new york . url
0	. “ i believe that our best day are ahead of us. ” currently the are the rms titanic and the # chequersplan is a big feckin ' iceberg ! ... ...
0	it 's cute you liberal think you can save the world cute but naive .
0	suddenly thought of something.u mention in 1 of ur video that they do n't know '' where lay is/he is captured by rf.then lay ha to `` comeback/appear '' then only kai can bring him back to the island.latest video said he might be in another parallel world.what if ''
0	the 1965 immigration act worked exactly how liberal hoped it would . demographic are destiny .
1	bullshit ! regulation are good because it keep conservative from striping our land into the abyss
1	it ’ s good for our gun business . more gun sell when these people bring up gun control . keep up the great work . gun for all .
0	whatever happened to innocent until proven guilty ... liberal just want kavanaugh to be guilty because trump picked him . get over yourselves
1	who doe he think he is the dumb donald ! ! ! !
0	america first # maga magic
0	i state my opinion and can provide example to support them . you have n't been able to do that . it doe n't matter to me how or if you accept what i say . that 's what you do n't seem to understand . your view are your business - not mine . # makeamericagreatagain # maga # usa
0	look at the date of this tweet - very telling for sure # maga url
0	good luck # maga # votered url
0	wow more salinsky tactic
0	god save the united state if this travesty happens a second time . one hope voter learned their lesson the first time
1	please don ’ t make the same mistake with # kavanaugh ! he is a perjurer who is also a trump lackey . # votenoonkavanaugh url
1	wish u folk luck w that . i think you ’ re fucked though .. there will never be enough pro gun folk elected in california to turn the tide on gun control . the mass are convinced gun only equal bad . they already tell u which & amp ; how many gun you can buy . now ammo . what ’ s left ?
0	just finished saying to my wife that “ conservative are not ready for the like of stormy thanks for everything stormy
1	house of flower ! ! ! ! ! shit crazy
1	trump publicly lusted for his daughter and gop still elected him . let 's stop pretending that morality or decency mean jack shit to conservative .
0	it 's a political hit job gleefully pushed by # fakenews and their puppet little jimmy liberal always finding new low ! ! !
1	holder wa the most ethically challenged ag ever . a total disgrace to the office .
1	i have to go over saturday to “ have dinner ” no it ’ s the annual close the pool for the season . not then big as round above ground . they have a huge in ground pool . i know that ’ s coming . while gore here . and i don ’ t mind at all . lol funny shit
1	maybe they will havana an antifa race war & amp ; slam the dildo out of each others butt .
0	how many are willing to testify under oath that they actually knew kavanaugh ? how many would testify to having said no '' to kavanaugh ? until you have said `` no '' to man , you do not know what he is like . ''
0	i can see how frustrating that is . conservative will always get more praise for humane policy because it is n't neccessarily expected of them .
1	man i hope i don ’ t die before florence hit .. i heard he is going to be a great time ! !
0	hey serena ... don ’ t do me any favor . woman can take care of themselves . just hit your tennis ball and take care of your family .
1	cop rarely got shot in country with gun control
0	i do n't think he is damian .
0	they ’ re doing it deliberately get rid of the minion problem solved they couldn ’ t give a monkey .
0	timing ? they had this info in their lap ? you betcha . that 's the chess game of politics . nothing new here . use thing to your advantage when you need them . doe n't make them untrue .
0	history repeat itself url
1	i 'll add one more : did you realize that conservative would decide that certain men should get a pas for sexual assault ?
0	demorats hold conservative & amp ; gop to a higher standard than they hold themselves to
0	boycott nfl continues
0	bill clinton 90 gun control law which banned assault weapon wa effective public safety policy which the nra worked to undo it during the bush year . clinton are profile in courage to take on gop & amp ; beat the nra . weak nra bernie voted 5x for nra .
0	i ’ m sure he is .
0	one of my punk rock friend in nyc is always getting weird hate mail . he posted about it and in the comment someone used a j-hope gif . of course i had to explain who he is . i love how people use their gifs and have no clue
0	anyway she is a man and a mother '' it 's about time she gave it to an actual female . congratulation to naomi ! she ha class & amp ; skill ! ''
1	trump is maga
1	/63 more evidence liberal only goal is to sabotage # nafta to make trump the enemy and to get trump hate vote in canada for election 2019. url
0	no it 's genetic . being racial is n't racist this wa co opted by the liberal and twisted into something it 's not . the actual definition of racism is thinking one race is better or inferior to another race so ( looking out for your own race ) doe n't meet the definition
1	ha the same lack of moral a her mother ! abortion is murder !
0	it still wo n't protect you at intersection - in fact it make it worse - you are hidden until it is too late . it make it much more difficult to make left turn or leave the lane for any reason ...
0	check the antifa registration . some of her coworkers are there .
1	antifa doe n't beat facsists to try to get them to change their mind - they know it 's a lost cause to try to change a fascist 's mind . they do it to scare them into hiding , to demoralize them , and to stop the spread of their hateful ideology . there is no forcing view on others '' . ''
1	a someone who had never played spiderman 2 a a kid : i want and tried it a year or 2 back and idk what kinda collective nostalgia people are on but those web swinging mechanic are busted a fuck and kinda trash .
0	holy shit ! he is still alive ?
1	they just need to go away . no one want to see them in the medium advocating for gun control . it 's unseemly .
0	we 've had million of people marching peacefully in the street without incident . a small group of far left people got violent on a couple occasion when confronting alt-right hate group . antifa is not part of the resistance any more than the kkk is part of the gop . g'night .
0	conservative have never cared about woman or minority .
1	liberal with their lie again .
1	when we satan call him home # soros .
0	i am truly sorry that you are having a rough day . i hope it get better for you . i am doing fantastic .
1	hmm i 'd do something like getting really high quality artist to draw really boring car like a fucking 2002 grand prix or something
0	america win with president trump ... not google . # maga # americafirst
0	‼ we the people will defeat you ‼ # maga # msaga ( makesouthafricagreatagain ) url url
0	he is an incredible leader and a true hero . thank you chef .
0	he is so funny
0	goober
0	i 'm in mn . i wish they would . he also support antifa and is connected to the muslim brotherhood . i do n't want him to have any power here .
0	i have said it before this wa political decision by the ball gov . that in the end will not only finnish the destruction of our wild salmon fishery but will eventually show that it will end up being a gold mine for people like mr antle & amp ; all those liberal with a vested interest
0	a bunch of liberal . they can ’ t deliver
1	absolutely should be a nail in the coffin .... for hilliary
1	oh i never had any doubt .. read all about the dirty war too .. he is a slovenly po .. jesuit who worship satan ..
1	i wa more sad about how many liberal seem to love firing shot at ally . i saw it in 2016 with bernie sander supporter calling me an uncle tom for supporting hillary . i made the same argument then and now . no shade and hopefully you do n't block me . i respect your opinion
0	the trump alert system in action . # trump2020 # trump2020 # maga url
1	why don ’ t you release name of all our elected official that have paid for silence for sexual assault claim done while in office with the fund designated for paying off claim ; ford doe not know how got home . maybe attack if happened wa by who took her home . #
0	# exposethetruth ask : what liberal policy ever quantifiably improved your life ? libs make big promise + warn doom re conservative ... none come/true . no lib agenda but neg/hate . why use fear ? how help you ? usa doing great . that help ! vote for your/family life for good ! # ccot url
1	bono is utterly stupid ridiculous wealthy tax avoiding hypocrite fascist i can ’ t listen to u2 again
0	well you are picking the wrong one
0	go for it !
0	i condemn israeli action on the basis of international law . when you count angel on the head of a pin you are doomed to endless debate and mind game .
0	c1900 6vols tale from blackwood third series short story maga magazine cowper url url
0	american are smarter than you think . # maga # votered2018 # redwaverising2018 # saveourcountry # votedemsout url
0	the are currently polling 6 % chuka . khan will lose london to the tory at next mayoral election . but that ’ s the aim of the blairite cosplaying tory . keep the conservative in power stop any real alternative to the financial service 2nd british empire gaining power . url
0	it ’ s amazing that when thing pertain to conservative it ’ s guilty until proven innocent . where is the justice when lawless act perpetrated by the left get ignored ?
0	i tear up from laughing so hard every single time i see this . priceless . cnn should scoop him up for antifa rally and weather story . creative cameraman job at worst . elaine would say this guy is sponge worthy '' come on cnn , hire this guy a a creative consultant at least . ''
1	i can just hear the trumpsters now crowing that we liberal loved jane fonda and supported draft dodger . i grew up in those time . i wa against the war but knew fonda had gone too far and wa wrong . i supported those who burned their draft card and those who served .
0	can you take that to the bank ? ? ? ? ?
0	i do n't think he wa calling antifa racist , just that the verge doesent call them out a they do the supposedly white supremacist '' ''
0	- you want to start off with clean skin to get all of the benefit . - pour your water into a small glass bowl . make sure your water is still steamy . - grab a towel . - place your bowl somewhere you are comfortable standing .
1	she is a liar and probably on soros payroll
0	and they are # conservative .
0	cruz need to add # antifa to this proposed act . that way we literally kill # 2birdsofafeather with one stone .
1	they probably shutdown the website because of the death threat . if she vote yes she ’ ll most likely get lot of support from # maga voter .
0	afd * like a bos * afd-ordner reagiert cool * antifa * niedersachsen url shakin that
1	stamp we did this shit all the time
0	every politician should surrender their passport to show their faith in
1	why are you wasting time replying on twitter ( trolling ) on behalf of people making under that amount ? seems like someone is just a propaganda pusher ... or like gloating to other # maga 's that they got screwed by trump . url
0	. is arguing that gun control law = a violation of people 's right . even the conservative scalia specified that gun regulation are consistent w/ # 2a and court have repeatedly upheld most gun restriction .
0	when mentioned year of economic pain '' , wa he referring to + imposed austerity ? url
1	where is the gun control crowd now that illegal immigrant are waltzing into our country heavily armed
0	agreed . she is an administration immigration adviser . that is discouraging . she wa told to do it . my bet is miller king of the racist base dog whistle .
0	you are not going to get it . grow up .
1	# peoplesvote # stopbrexit # remain i do n't want to go .. either , you know what , after we leave , my slogan going to be it used to be better than this '' should have stayed in . useless goverment . url
1	# trump wa walking towards a crowd excited to see him . he wa reciprocating the love . that moment wa about the reception not 911. it wa genuine and honest . barack is nothing more than an actor who fake crocodile tear to call for gun control .
0	an obvious last minute liberal ploy to delay confirmation . more dirty trick since the liberal lost the previous election .
0	but you are ? give me a break !
0	he wo n't live long now
0	once again , stay away from the pronoun we '' . you are an individual . btw , i 'm not justifying him/males ... i 'm telling you to stay safe on here. ``
0	shortcummings '' this person is definitely a maga person . ''
0	yea i been in a shitty mood too an the rain ain ’ t making it better
1	# metoo is the best weapon the liberal have because there is no due process .. it all disgusting ... and woman are the one using it a the weapon .. shameful and typical liberalism .. use emotion for their own benefit ... poster child for using woman
0	if she is close by i don ’ t mind checking in on her . i ’ m in greenville nc
0	are we really supposed to believe the party of violent liberal antifa with their kkk hood who beat the hell out of stranger they know nothing about somehow care at all for this ? are we supposed to trust the party who fund antifa to tell u the truth on any subject ?
0	god bless you sir
1	and republican fall right in line and say these are serious accusation we must postpone the vote until we hear from her '' . many republican are not interested in being conservative . ''
0	when is lvmpd and mgm going to be held accountable for # vegasshooting and it 's subsequent coverup & amp ; knee jerk gun control ? anyone else find it curious that the first surveillance video released by mgm wa in an exclusive to the new york time ?
0	i think it because he is remaining this pure sweet thing
0	sound like you ’ re talking about these people ! ! ! ! # maga url
0	i think she is one of the oddest people i have ever seen . how did she get elected ? but then again i find myself asking that about any liberal .
0	he is on the practice squad and they did sign soldier to play lt. granted i would of preferred they did more on the ol but they made change .
1	mine go draft too . stop this crap i 'm gathering proof your censoring conservative
1	thanks vince you fucker . no need to hold out and chance that client miss it .
0	wow wa he wearing his hood when he made that statement ? and ... antifa ? really ?
0	# election news : gun control group 's political arm pouring million into midterm election # news # headlinenews '' : url
1	shocking almost all liberal are crazy and insane since that clinton witch lost they ’ ve become # unhinged # deranged and a bunch of damn # crybaby stop acting like child and grow up
0	president trump will post a message 9-20 to our cell phone . prepping for internet social medium block out .
1	i 'm telling yeah she is leading steve on ... look howa she always like all steves tweet . what a hooch
0	6.5 billion human being are spare to capacity according to the one world government end game agenda ~ that 6.5 billion includes 1.5 billion muslim ~ # maga ought ' a keep that in both heart & amp ; mind ~ # religiousfreedom # republic # freedomandjusticeforall ~
0	repeatedly re announcing previous measure and funding that do n't come in effect until a future date and only serve to help housebuilder make more profit is n't going to solve the housing crisis '' created by labour and made worse by
0	well ?
0	hеy ! i am 21 year old . i 'm waiting for you hеre url
1	. you should totally follow those whack job liberal ... unhinged and dangerous ! thank you
0	either you democrat & amp ; liberal move aside or we will help you move aside we the people can remove you from office 20+million veteran can ’ t be wrong url
1	doe not suffer fool and ha seen enough shit to last nine life .
0	fine let ’ s fix chicago ’ s gun violence . end gun control .
0	you just make the number up now do n't you
0	do n't worry fellow # antifa and # resist member , i have made an excellent plan to stop russian influence for good . i call it general plan ost '' . we will invade russia 's western border in three different army group while cleansing the population all the way to moscow ! ''
1	the unhinged republican party i have a question why do you want the wall and not gun control in america when a illegal immigrant doe something the unhinged republican party talk about the wall but when a school shooting happens the unhinged republican party is mute
0	# mondaymotivation instead of # maga - could we please have # maaa - make america america again - the rest of the world miss you !
1	screw you and that keep up '' shit honestly ``
1	once again it 's been proven that all gun control law are intended to disarm the law abiding citizen and subvert the # 2a . criminal * do n't * care about gun law .
1	liberal do n't address . they insult and attack .
0	no that is it the mind set of gang in chicago where the toughest gun control law are and it doe nothing .
0	i wa too busy kneeling to watch
1	turn them loose and see what happens to her city . people like her is what give the democrat a bad name . she is risking the entire population of atlanta . wonder how the citizen like it . we ’ ll see at the ballot box
0	that ’ s what we need . a nationwide vote on gun control . let the people vote for a bill and force congress to pas it if it ’ s the will of the majority . # powertothepeople
0	i know she is 15 but i still don ’ t think it ’ s real
0	of course she is .
0	how about showing pattern of intent . the march in charlottesville . that 's a perfect example of pattern of intent . where is that proof with antifa ? where did they go purposely to denounce black people in america ?
0	he is so beautiful there .
1	she doe n't want to go to jail for lying to a senate committee . she ha had no crime committed on her & amp ; is a leftest activist trying to stall his confirmation . a nutty professor that i believe is a closet antifa member pd by soros .
0	he 's going up the creek with obama and clinton .
0	just despacito
0	political unmasking of team trump must be prosecuted - american thinker url url # maga # pjnet # kag # trumptrain # trumptrain2020 url tw055
0	you mean like the democrat do to push their gun control agenda ?
0	antifa fight fascist . are you defending fascist ? blm is sick of crooked cop murdering unarmed black people . are you defending killer cop ?
0	so take him to court
1	she is a repulsive human in every possible level .
0	doug flutie would be proud .
0	vote like your life depends on it ... because it really doe ! ! ! # drainthedeepstate # maga url
0	im not excusing his action but the counter protester had no right to block the street they are partly to blame a well 2 wrong dont make a right just like antifa going around physically assaulting people and using weapon to hurt people but your k with one side doing it
1	nigga you are about to lose
1	just imagine if dr ford wa a member of a minority . antifa would be firebombing the judge ’ s residence . # identypolitics
1	kick the absolute shite out of the car .
0	this is what desperate liberal look like . # spygate # obamagate
1	the owner of my culo
0	liberal will drive republican to the poll . no worry !
1	cashing in on the book bandwagon . ca n't blame her . # liberal love to throw their money at bullshit
0	you should do it
1	target is brilliant with this . keep an eye out ( esp online a there ’ s online only shit that ’ s amazing ) because 1. autumn ( so orange ! ) and also target on thanksgiving/black friday is thee place to stock tf up on sheet for the year .
0	he 'll be replaced . . . . . . . . by another muslim .
1	for what ? ? ? lie and rumor being spread by liberal with their known pattern ? hell no .
0	my mom left me a whole big squash . any recipe you recommend i can do with a squash ? ?
0	stand with america ! # notwithkap # boycottnike # maga url
0	you want to rephrase that ? i think you are talking about the u6 number ?
0	this is just obstruction . call the vote ! ! ! ! # maga
0	not once did the left ask for gun control after scalise wa shot . not once ! # voteredtosaveamerica
1	because gutierrez is corrupt and so are the union there .
1	he is nut who would have ever imagined that the u would have concentration camp ...... he is the devil
0	more like what i ’ m missing ... lmao i ’ m just bitter about being ignored yet again and i ’ m ignoring her because that ’ s what i ’ m like but it ’ s so hard not to message her
0	but the liberal do
1	kind of like when conservative wan na associate everyone to their left a communist antifa member ?
0	superman : “ this guy still giving you trouble ? ” * uppercut steppenwolf * me : “ there he is ! superman ! ! it ’ s him ! finally ! ! ” news : “ henry cavill is no longer superman ” me : “ ........ why ....... ”
0	of course it wo n't .... law do n't apply to conservative
0	and would n't # johnmccain be proud ... notably read a passage of scripture at the memorial service but he wa not asked to speak his own word sen mccain likely saw him for what he is once trump took office : a gutless suck-up who 's looking for session job ! # weasel
0	becoming what ? besides a multi-millionaire ?
0	both the liberal and conservative have failed the people , proportional representation would fix this . harper 's failure are still fresh in my mind , now trudeau 's broken promise , i have to vote for anything but '' , again . ''
0	do u have yuzusft face mod ? i want it but i cant dl : o
0	you really should consider having the conservative go knocking on door to talk to people . quebec ha been asking for conservative presence because they 're not well known there . send them out . make conservative known there .
0	denial stage . almost at admission
0	absolutely . we conservative have another strong lady to lead our country 2019 .
0	i 'm assuming he will be able to pay 92k in fee out of a 255k salary next year ? i think that woul be a negative unless the koch bros pay it for him . he is bought and sold by them .
0	after they guna spell it like frida '' ``
0	we are ready whenever you are
0	heil facebook ! yeah ... pretty much .
0	trump movie : stream now for free # maga2020 # maga url url
1	liberal ; it ’ s trump fault .
0	anyone have a lion
1	because you advocate for -gun control -mass immigration -cultural marxism you ’ re a tool for jewish globalists
0	had all but one . agreed every one of these maga patriot is a must follow . let 's do this together for our great nation in 2018 ! then repeat in 2020 and 2022 ! ! !
1	truth . all you need to do is see what any of them threaten if even moderate gun control proposal are seriously talked about .
0	3 pitch right down the middle while no one else is having trouble with this guy . it unbelievable he is playing with the season on the line
0	listen carefully . # qanon # qanuck # asktheq # wethepeople # thegreatawakening # thestorm # maga # wwg1wga url url
1	girl bitch aggravate me !
0	is unstoppable ! this qb can ’ t be this good can he ? have to feel for he need to transfer . can ’ t help but have a funny feeling he is going to save bama at some point this year . never know .
0	the historic moniker for the tory is the stupid party . american conservative test out with lower average intelligence than liberal .
1	poor sad liberal . no hope for them .
0	# didyouknow # texas conservative are working to boot # helenkeller from textbook ? # doyouknow why ? learn more about how to stop this at url # txboe # txed # education # themoreyouknow # tuesdaythoughts 'keller ... url
0	me too . i ’ m glad he is back
1	but not a despicable a her own .
0	the nra supported gun control when reagan wa governor of california when black people began buying gun .
0	we love you kayla and we 're glad you 're okay
1	after all the shit dez wa talking about jerry and the cowboy he is a fucking clown as dude if he go back
0	austria
0	horse shhh ! here ’ s how she is viewed ! url
0	take your fish and get out !
0	this is an outstanding thread and expert insight- esp about the reagan year which i studied in college . he is spot on and there wa such a titanic shift begin in the 90 with rhe contract with america b to the immigration issue in ca ( prop 187 )
0	he is my rainbow after every storm
0	great question . what say you # antifa working within our government and paid for by taxpayer ?
0	no cadwell but yes former antifa . url
0	asmr eel sushi salmon sushi ( eating sound ) * big bite no talking | yaya asmr url
1	please do n't kill me . antifa on the other hand ...
0	at what point doe the lib playbook turn to dust after repeating the same b over and over ?
0	i hope he get on twitter so i can tell him how amazing he is .
1	this sound a relevant a the march in mumbai by the woke snowflake for gun control . abortion in india is legal and only the woman 's choice is required . take your circus elsewhere . instead take up the issue of oppression of hindu in india . this is at least relevant .
0	get another disgrace .
1	beto also want open border so illegals can come an go a they please an also more gun control espically on semiautomatic weapon ... # betonotfortexas
1	goodell is the worst commissioner of any sport from any time in history
0	damn ... that 's almost a old a i am ! then again , he is from utah , and he doe what career politician do ... appeal to his base '' ! ''
0	sorry not antifa it ’ s the far right you know people probaly just like you who are so desperate to control woman .
0	we never get tired of winning ! ! url
0	what role doe gun control play on school safety ?
0	tell me again ? ? url
0	of course . thanks for making my point . antifa ha no clue what fascism is .
0	3/ ? eea migration boost productivity and innovation and ha no impact on the training of uk born . another lie nailed . url
0	gun control is hitting the target where you intended to hit it . since democrat want to infringe on everyone else 's gun right . i 'm ok with just banning them from dems . url
0	ren oppa ! ! i love you you are cute
1	why you ruin shit lol
1	eric holder ...... globalist evil personified .
0	a is uk democracy - supposedly .
1	is n't that just a nerd
0	now that 's what i call an antifa supersoldier
1	liberal also probably need more- culturally aware troll !
1	be ready ! ! be prepared ! ! because the trump administration isn ’ t going to do shit if you get hit ! ! well .. if it ’ s a white county you ’ re good .. lookout randolph county ! ! hide yo kid ! ! hide yo wife ! !
0	mob mentality ...
0	and we do n't need levi jean who just jumped on the gun control band wagon .
1	she is an ugly black hearted troll url
0	the important distinction here being ex-attorney general '' .. so frankly yasir .. nobody give a rat pyjama what you think .. now piss off and find another trough to wallow in .. liberal are finished in ontario . ''
0	thanks god ! # maga url
0	ain uor kkkkk
1	cbs sez ceo leslie moonves ' out on his as after several allegation he wa chasing as ... coo joseph iannello will be interim ceo until somebody accuses him of the same thing ... this 'shit ' never end ... ooops ...
1	that is a lot of guilt for tucker to take upon himself . surely he is not the only on at fault ?
0	doesn ’ t the university of wisconsin have entrance requirement or do they take anyone rejected by other university ?
0	if anyone know anything please help she 's going to end her life or she is already gone but if you know anything please url
0	. found '' the average american by demographic . i found 118 thing that the average american agrees on , from bill gate to gun control to driving skill . url url
0	however if by at the top '' you mean senior engineer generally , then you are * once again * confusing individual competence - which surprise surprise ha n't changed - with organisational structure and competence . good people thrive in a structure that allows thing to get done ''
0	how much lonely she is and how much she miss her azeez dost and how much she need that touch to comfort her restless head right now is all evident in this one freaking scene ! bow to these amazing actor # jenshad is major actor and couple goal # adiya # bepannaah
1	bitch better serve
0	# emmy didn ’ t watch . won ’ t ever watch silly entertainer trying to make unfunny joke about conservative . so scripted and unfunny !
1	you are a lier christine ford soros pay you well and your lawyer wo n't work we all know you lie shame on you !
1	just like gun control will not keep gun from the hand of criminal ....
1	oh so now you are comparing a government law enforcement agency which is subject to constitutional law to a private corporation . yeah that make sense . wait ... no it doe not . stop talking . you are a complete imbecile .
0	# police pay rise 1 % # crisisinpolicing # policingincollapse # tory & amp ; # theresamay hatred of police ! # lbc url
1	ha ha ha sneaky bugger . i have put out a warning to have sound off . that will show them .
0	# gop # republican # conservative are now proven male chauvinistic pig why any woman would # vote for them is astonishing . # kavanaugh url
0	so glad your back hygs love you getting ready to do a # prolife . presentation # maga # url
0	simply can not accept failure . former president harry truman he is not . trump will always look to blame others .
1	i ca n't believe luigi fucking died
1	the timing is too convenient . she is a paid liar .
0	high class vogue ! !
1	what do this have to do with the nra ? california ha lot and lot of worthless gun control law already . gun control doe not work because crazy people don ’ t obey the law .
0	# tory # labour # ge2017 # conservative conservative url sajidjavid : productive discussion with new pakistan foreign and interior minister in islamabad today . agreed to improve cooperation on anti-corruption & amp ; counter-terrorism - v… url
0	. yet again siding with the . and still wanting you to believe that you can trust them . remember all their broken promise ? remember how they treated student ? there is only one answer . vote . and put . in power . # jc4pmnow
1	an idiot . where the fuck do they get these people ?
0	gun control doe not work
0	likely an antifa thug who plasterd himself with temp-tatts for the interview with the shitlib press ...
1	feel free to use it . because unlike your ilk , we do not scream # literalviolence or use dramatic phrase like you are denying my right to exist wahh '' . woman like u can take your silliness without cry . knock yourself out : ) ''
0	aww you pooky bear ... you are such a victim .
0	# realdonaldtrump you 've been rather quiet today . i hope that you have spent some time thinking about your endgame with vlad . i know you probably know this but you are very expendable to him . when we take the country back what will you do ? he will not be happy with you ! ponder this
0	happy birthday delaney ! i hope you are enjoying college and we miss you .
0	and the unexplained 42 murder associated with her mother are pro christian ?
0	a few step to pivot away from china - tpp : trump pacific partnership ! - tell u company to offshore to other country - ban product from china that include stolen intellectual property - no disclosing ip to do business in china # maga
0	do n't know what you mean by independent medium '' but i read msm and they tell me that antifa are , in fact , the violent leftist who are causing all the problem at protest . what i see is right-wing medium painting all liberal protestors a the same a antifa . ''
1	indoctrinated programmed to believe everything # msm # propaganda tell you to .. the left are the nutcase . '' acting stupid in a senate hearing , antifa . hate filled ''
0	amen . he is .
1	any time liberal think their going to get a win they tune into their head cheerleader . then they realize the latest bombshell is once again nothing and go back to their miserable existence eating chunky monkey ( not racist ) and watching netflix
0	oh you just wait til you see the next hurricane meal i tweet out ! you are gon na be sooo jealous ...
0	anything he doe right now will be over shadowed by florence . i think he is holding till after the storm .
0	a lot of democrat and liberal are even criticizing him for giving him the hug he asked for ! !
0	just reading this give me anxiety about having anxiety . but it really doe suck and take more than sheer will power to overcome . do n't be afraid to seek help and ask your doctor if you need medication . there is no shame in it .
0	hey y'all take this shit to dm aight
0	rooney wont do anything . he is the one that need to take some action .
1	this nigga prob made her infertile god only know all the germ he brought back
1	liberal that think the world owes them a living .
0	that would be antifa !
0	how about session indict him and his cohort for operation fast and furious
1	i ’ ve never once heard you be thankful . all you do is shit on canada . on the police . on our history . on conservative .
0	now you understand why we on the right dont budge on gun control . it 's not to protect range day '' . ''
0	ooh very handsome archie that look beautiful were you are at is it your new gaff behind you
0	aw boo you are the best mom
1	he is hurt and no one ha checked on him ! ! !
0	it just seems like this is another way of the liberal to change history .
1	holy shit of all people to say that a nebraska fan . please take your dead program somewhere else and keep your vcr around to watch highlight from the 90 .
0	england average 26 gun murder per year . it is hilarious that you imply gun control doesnt work in the uk . this must be what trump call fake news '' . ''
0	this is what i get from twitter liberal . url
1	antifa is not giving death threat to professor ford or threatening violence if their candidate loses or spanky is impeached .
1	well , they 'll cut out 299 page and replace it with 1 saying everyone need more chlorine '' c'mon are you chicken ? ''
0	remember him defending antifa ? i ‘ member
0	why do all liberal look like they 're eating sour grape ? ?
0	the upside of manga is it can be real cheap . downside is you might get swallowed up by a 400 part series
0	super president like multiversity ? good ideia
0	your narrative is so false it is comedic . you and people like you are fraud .
1	# crookedhillary are you drunk again ? go back to bed granny. # trumptrain # maga # deplorables # dregofsociety
1	who really care about any of this wack as beef ? ? ?
0	you missed rachel maddow 's show ? she had some of them . she did n't look at them before air time . she proved he paid a butt load in tax . # maga # walkaway
0	you are very right . so here come the question what 's the use of the fame when your locality struggle for survival .
0	rendell : # andrewgillum ‘ probably a little # too # progressive for # florida ’ url # trump # maga
0	she is fine
0	good day sir . how are you doing ? how is your family doing ? i have always wanted to reach out to you to say that you are a perfect gentleman . i am glad you have ignored most of the mud slinging targeted at your person by the presidency .
0	should careful ! ! all thing will use to against him , it 's kind of a hit job by someone or a group ? ? that 's interview '' wa used to victimize him , he should be careful to act from now on ! ! ''
0	it sound like joe is channeling all conservative who 've been under attack by liberal all these year . is this what they call transference ?
1	he blocked me a long time ago after one response that called him out for lying . he 's an idiot who think his $ hit do n't stick and love saying stupid stuff to get liberal to love him . a complete douchebag .
1	keep banging on with your nationalist nonsense . once democrat win the midterm and raise tax you 'll be able to get on the same page a everyone else . universal health care and gun control will save countless life . trumpsters like you will learn eventually .
1	in every conner coz anti pakistani will not able to attack on our future generation right
0	yes she is !
1	the burden of proof is on ford . she should put up or shut up . she is not credible by any stretch .
1	doe anyone care what that dirtbag say ? ? ?
1	figure . he is a douche and would do this .
0	your just one big sore on the conservative back side .
0	liberal are like adding salt to beer - they spoil everything ...
0	followed all patriot # maga thank you in advance for your follow back . # maga # votered
1	maxine need to consult a shrink coz she is suffering from trump syndrome
0	happy birthday dad ily thanks for being the best man you can be and for caring for all of u . we love you and appreciate all that you are and all that you do
0	he is so underrated and i love how pure he is a a person
1	goodell is one of the worst thing that ha ever been unleashed on pro sport . useless ! ! !
0	buck and spiderman url
0	the reason people are tired of this is because you only focus on the conservative . ford ha treated people poorly and the constitutional crisis is abominable . his treatment of the woman in the legislature is despicable .
1	you are obsessed with she ’ s a millionaire because she is a good comedian . you have money because big daddy bone spur handed it to you a * * hole .
1	action talk and bullshit walk
0	you are though
0	god save u from that catastrophe
0	it really doe n't matter if she wanted to be an actress or not . montel is grasping at potential insult to try to discredit dana . the fact is she wa hired to do a job and she is good at it . trump hater simply attack her and you because their candidate lost . montel is irrelevant
0	those are the # liberal
0	she is lmao
0	using free speech to be idiot and such but just like other rally counter protester showed up armed and willing to engage with kkk who also came armed again 2 wrong dont make a right and group like antifa stated they want shutdown free speech anyway possible
0	we need more unity to grow our voice ......... libs seem to band together much better than right ........ follow all # maga patriot please ! ! ! url
1	if your a democrat and you love this great country how can you standby and watch a the liberal arm of your democratic party try to destroy everything we love about our country . # walkaway no actually # runaway . # libshateamerica # commiessuck # maga and # kag for everyone
1	he is crap tho
0	let ’ s hunt for it
1	can u fuck off already
0	thats perfectly true . tory and labour are different but pretty much extreme it look like normality doesnt exist anymore . none of them is even able to name the problem a it is how can they solve anything . not that liberal would be that much better
1	liberal don ’ t realize that thousand of unaccompanied minor were thrown across the border ..... who is supposed to take care of them ? angelina jolie ?
0	i did n't know if it wa a guy or girl at first . but she is definitely the most un-charismatic person i 've ever seen hosting any type of show .
0	could cbc get liberal to tell u the definition of middle class ? they do n't seem to know . also mp use the term ordinary canadian . are these born canadian ? special are boarder crossers ? i would love an answer . liberal are in mute on this point . butthead ha not told them
0	it ’ s fine . the liberal made sure that we use a much carbon a possible to make electricity .
0	i made my position clear with the principal ... that clearly he is used to dealing with young adult . my son is n't mentally . i would ask they check before sending me that msg again . i think my likeness is a dart board in the staff lounge
0	and that is why he is trying to end obamacare so that only a priveledged few can benifit . but his tax cut are killing u anyway . url
0	pretty much . a i ’ ve stated i believe is gun control just not this aspect of it . the gun aren ’ t the problem the people who shouldn ’ t have gun are . where do we draw the line . how do we prevent “ bad or crazy ” people from shooting up a crowd . surely we don ’ t have the answer
1	call me a dog cause dam ... i got a bone for you nigga
1	they cite jones being banned for violating twitter 's tos . there are blue checkmarks spewing the same , if not worse , kind of shit . if you are going to play the anyone can get banned '' card . should n't these people also receive ban and suspension ? # verifiedhate ''
0	oh and how can i forget ? he created the greatest american economy in decade . one where no matter who you are or what color your skin is you have a better chance of having a job instead of a government handout .
0	i have been put on an antifa “ hit list ” and i am taking the matter very seriously . i have reported to twitter- nothing . group : target for ( maybe of ) antifa . donald trump and candace owen a well . all i have is the twitter handle . thanks url
0	and nero goodell fiddle while the burn . glad i took up golf . # boycottthenfl # boycottnike # justdont
0	andre cury earned 6 million from neymar 's transfer to psg .
0	if this clown had his way we all would be working for $ 3ph so he can get bigger entitlement paid for by u . how out of touch this fool is . i hope his electorate work out what a joke he is . # auspol
0	# cdnpoli how can anyone expect the liberal to follow their own rule ? rule are for other people are n't they ? the governing liberal have allowed ... url
0	no idea who he is . sorry
1	she is a lying leftist !
0	when you said you are gon na add them but u didn ’ t already url
0	= british biased corporation news blatantly backing conservative news url
0	well now the liberal have finally destroyed sesame street . whats left ?
0	it unfortunately not a cut and dry a all that . gun law vary per state . even city . compare chicago that ha extreme gun control with new york that ha almost the same level . yet chicago ha horrible gun crime and ny not to that extent ? criminal are the problem .
0	market liberal party when ?
0	pick me pls .
0	shit come on unc !
0	but he is still our best option
0	bob dickbrain '' woodward . `` i wish i were ann coulter . '' ''
0	yeah he is
0	. you 're stripping american of citizenship ? attacking the poor again a well - home birth being more affordable . my little niece wa born at home - unplanned drama . she is 14th generation proven +native . you 're going to challenge her citizenship ? url
0	household net worth : $ 107 trillion url # maga
0	idk man . pretty sure they ’ re just good ‘ bros ’ that are fiscal conservative when it come to room and board
0	nutty fruitcake ! !
0	bro we are one big happy family
0	mccaskill campaign hit with report on husband 's federal subsidy windfall url # mccaskill # kavanaugh # christineblaseyford # thursdaythoughts # maga
0	* * * * * * * * loesch unleashed : dana expose the racist core of leftist gun control # onlyatyaf , yaftv , 8sep2018 gun control ... is the government telling you it doe n't trust you . '' url * * * * * * * * ''
1	it 's a trap . conservative know a soon a they go public they 're on the termination list .
1	that nigga snitched and added spice on top of his snitching
0	you are beloved !
0	i wa kind of shocked . he is gone now . from my feed at least
0	speed test on computer wired and see what speed do you have
1	you do mean the bernie asshole that stayed home
0	# politicslive unfortunately the are still discussing what it '' is ! wasted 2 year so far ! perhaps because the idea is not viable ? # justathought url
0	gotcha friend
0	doe that mean she had his permission to sit on a panel denigrating the president of the country you are negotiating with ?
0	i hope you are right for everyone ’ s sake . i want your voice to be heard more often .
0	nicely said mr.redwood ! ! !
0	conservative celebrate a their third choice for opposition leader us the word failure for the one millionth time .
1	# deepstate you are going down ! # maga # redwaverising # redwave # walkawayfromdemocrats # walkaway # walkawaymarch make this viral url
0	thank goodness he is not mn passive aggressive . love it ! !
1	no i have no relationship with him he is not worth the energy it would take to hate him . i have more respect for the gum stuck on the bottom of my shoe than such a selfish spoiled entitled narcissist !
0	winston churchill on being admonished about sentence ending preposition : this is an outrage up with which i will not put ! '' and the punchline to my favorite grammar joke : `` oh . so , where y'all from , bitch ? '' ''
0	. what say you now ? i guess it 's for liberal to use the so called white power '' gesture . url
0	so we seek answer from the leadership of our country that is this our new south africa . mr president if you are the leader of s.a you will surely make an example of them . we are tired .
0	( i love lau she is the cutest do n't @ me uwu )
0	if it is true why wait to say anything until now ? answer : liberal will do/say anything not to have conservative on the court .
0	medically this kind are known a histrionic personality disorder '' .btw if she is brave enough to continue this heroineics with other holy book , then i will accept that india is definitely changing . ''
0	say the one who ha one follower and following two . i stand by my original text . demoncraps = communist # exposethedeepstate # enemiesofthestate # militarytribunals # maga # trump # walkaway # q
1	so how do propose a ward deal with this ? put the gay/lesbian youth with the opposite gender ? or segregate them from the other kid entirely ( awful idea ) . i ’ m just going to assume ha more experience and know what he is talking about here .
0	. should not be allowed to host if he 's going to let republican go on and say any ole thing without mediation/fact check . he is a waste of breath . stick to counting vote
0	she is so beautiful !
0	# tyranny # totalitarianism # leftism just when you think # theleft ca n't sink any lower - # liberal fear their major cultural victory of the past half-century are democratically ... url
1	a if a liberal beta male could engage in sex with a straight female .
0	obvious to whom ? only to those who do not clean up the inside of their cup . you see skin color b/c you are projecting onto others .. many do not live their life being or seeing color . many of u have mixed families- how doe that fit into your b/s conclusion ? url
0	unless you are your knee will not be the same
0	have the vote . enough delay tactic . this is an allegation . he is not convicted .
0	she just sound like she doe n't need to be a cop . not everyone is cut out for it . i think she got startled when he opened the door and in that short moment of panic pulled her gun and shot . horrible.i just think she is not made to stay calm in situation .
0	... those are conservative value ? last time i checked those were more descriptive of liberal than conservative
0	she is a college professor in cali . resist antifa burn building riot cali college .
0	liberal hear the sucking sound of the swamp
1	this is why we need gun control
0	hope your not shocked too bad in november # kag
1	this is all just another fraud put out by the democrats.this woman is lying to help her party.nothing but a liberal nutjob who would say anything to try and keep the conservative from having the majority on the scotus .
1	shit i 'm sad ! ! !
0	we stan two whole as visuals
0	be gone thot ( no offence intended she is probably a very nice lady )
1	these are sick as people url
0	felon are .. unless those freak have changed that . sick of them registering convict to vote . the exact people who do n't want u to have gun & amp ; will vote gun control every time !
1	she is too busy patting her hair to realize her tweet are comical but in a stupid kind of way .
0	you deserve it ! ! ! !
1	haha yeah funny communist liberal destroying usa want usa2 like venezuela china north korea perhaps why not just move2 your perfect country instead of desperately trying 2destroy the usa that my founding father fought died 4 our freedom ! shed blood for ungrateful communist !
0	brave enough to say it ? ! your late to the party fat boy . ppl been calling potus a nazi for a while now . smh
1	disgusting liberal have no shame ! ! !
0	this is said by the woman who ’ s campigne sought dirt on trump . who lost by loosing state she could not or would not campaigne in . trump and his team found the weakness and exploited it . that ’ s being policallly smart don ’ t you think ? he is the amature here ?
0	check in at the fake shooting . url
1	liberal sure love to spend other people 's money ! ! ! ! ! ! hope and change '' really work well for the obamas who are multi millionaire . their fortune have really changed for the better ! ! ! ! ! ! if liberal have any brain cell left , they 'd vote for president trump ! ''
1	prime example a to why we ca n't have anymore liberal in our government . they do n't want to nor do they know our constitution . they prefer to dictate and be superior than american . their hate for our republic is brazen and we need to keep them out . # votethemallout
0	you are the wife url
0	mcraven engaged in a publicity stunt . he never spoke publicly against any # commanderinchief before he retired . a retiree issuing a challenge to the president is an empty and hollow gesture . # makeamericagreatagain # americafirst # maga # usa
1	living up to his nickname tonight ! fucking nightmare . # ufc228
0	but ... but ... both player were woman . and both were woman of color !
0	really ? where would you position antifa ?
0	this is going shake the church to the ground !
0	north korea is being dealt with ! nsa hacker have targeted my determined friend ( kim sonnuva-gun ) 's computer with a virus that prevents you from killing any active process until it run to completion : no quitter allowed # maga
1	except the 'consumers ' ( people ) do n't want the nh privatised ; they want it in public hand because it 's an essential public service and not a capitalist market . do you think everyone in this country is stupid ?
0	hey dipstick why don ’ t you sign kaepernick ? you love him so much
1	don ’ t ever stop lil ma * cough * “ eddandflow ” * cough * oh shit is that my snapchat how ’ d that slip out ? ! ... add me
1	# gop on personal responsibility ... he wa drunk : boy will be boy she wa drunk : slut # republican # conservative # kavanaugh
1	you asshole are both going to jail . what happened to the $ 94million paid to your company ? mueller know .
0	i read this a if you are a straight white male forget about being partnered . '' ''
0	any doubt that have officially become the national socialist american worker party is gone . with ppl like those on and acting a der sturmer and # antifa a their einsatzgruppen/waffen s detachment .
0	she is from il and say ’ s she know predator ? anyone else coming to mind ? buehler ..... that ’ s called transference and is typical and expected .
0	nobody is greek '' , that nation wa lost , if it ever existed at all .. you are subsaharan . ''
0	did i say something personal ?
0	why shouldn ’ t we be surprised when someone who promotes antifa violence in public is suddenly accused of violence/domestic violence etc ? ! ! ?
1	another illegal
0	same with the gun control debate . no it won ’ t keep gun away from every criminal but it can make thing better . it won ’ t prevent every mass shooting but it may prevent those crazy people from buying a gun in the first place .
1	politician talk about racism , islamophobia , homophobia , rape , drug abuse etc etc ...... do you not understand how fucking sick it is to ask jess if she 's discussed with her child that complete stranger hate '' mummy . i hope for your own sake that you are unwell . ''
0	hahah yes because trump beat obama in the election
0	yes he is but that ha little to do with beating the giant from the te position
1	guess the robber did n't know about all of nyc 's gun control law
1	231 year later the liberal want to do away with it . url
1	i think you are being abnormal
0	sexist ... could be a crazy gentlewoman # lulz
0	wonder if this will be left biased .. never trust a state broadcaster or brainwash kid from the liberal
0	* * available position * * teacher - special education mild/moderate if you are interested/qualified apply at the link below : url url
0	liberal can ’ t math good .
0	send down all of the resistance and antifa member along with the democratic party since this is what they wanted anyways !
1	got to be about the dumbest thing ever .
1	@ everyone who said jihoons new hair cut is ugly : you are wrong
0	because of antifa .
0	it legal in india and if you adult woman only you have to sign it you do n't need the other person signature why this rabble rousing in india take it to vatican & amp ; ireland etc take it where it 's banned church preacher not to do abortion even if you are raped ? ?
0	sound like he joined # antifa .. gov . of # wa state recently took anti- # police stance wo n't sign certificate recognizing top 20 law enforcement officer for # police # combat competition excellence # thinblueline # maga # kag # bluelivesmatter # lawenforcement # 2a
1	( ( ( conservative ) ) ) are enemy of white ! url
0	go pop open your lid in the kitchen . bam there he is .
0	# willienelson laugh at conservative on # theview for suddenly being outraged by his support of # democrat url
1	gross and disgusting and revealing response - do you not care if your own daughter came home and said that she thought she wa going to die while someone tried to rape her . you are one sick person condone that will participate in that for one minute . not my america ! ! !
0	they owe the christian conservative and the koch bros. this nomination . this specific nomination . for a reason .
1	you are a disgrace defending the wrong doings by anc umdala kangaka yhuuu
1	let me guess they are a victim of circumstance . but heaven forbid if they got shot for robbing the place all you moron liberal would be screaming gun control . how about kid control or upbringing control of self control .
0	i mean he ’ s right he took a predominately black genre and became one of the greatest ... in that aspect yes yes he is url
1	picked up some fire og today . it 's really good but it 's ugly a fuck . i almost passed on it but he smoked a j with me and it 's fuckin fire . wish we could share a bowl my brother
0	antifa zeckenbiss by the way ? # hetzjagd
0	all that doe is reinforce the fact that is a much in the gutter a
1	especially those who play the good religious boy '' routine a 80 % of their `` job interview '' . seriously , imagine pulling that crap in a job interview & amp ; then imagine - interview for supreme court justice . kav spends way too much time talking about how pure he is . ''
1	she is incredibly stupid and perhaps the reason why she wa chosen to ‘ entropy ‘ the trade talk . trudeau will destroy everything of reason in canada . would you allow a terrorist destroy canada ? then why have trudeau ?
0	f the nfl ! url
1	you hit them for fucking elo and the reason i 'm posting this is because he is thee booter exposer '' just show you cant believe everyone in this community ''
0	# nowplaying water slider by she is summer url
0	we ’ ll be there opening night !
1	lol ! ! ! now will they burn those ? and will they remember to take them off first ? one guy did n't . and to burn them outside so they do n't take down the house a one guy did ? wait until they find out levi is now pushing gun control . nazi marching in their tidy whities ? oy .
0	he need that exact amount in hanging rope .
0	more press should talk about this remarkable 20yr old she is the future
0	very cool ! she 110 % deserves the recognition she is getting and more . very excited to see her take on a villainous role in her upcoming movie ! # cin # day
0	i think she is my favorite . god i need to get back to that game ! but dragon quest 11 ha me right now
0	republican on gun control . death did n't participate in the success of trump 's economy . url
0	... and it should n't matter if they are democrat or conservative . they all do their job . they do n't care what person dem/con they have to rescue and help . you should n't divide the people ... you should bring them together in such time . url
0	ali you are in my hometown with me . welcome and please be safe . we 'll be riding out the storm together .
0	yes he is
0	question : did you get the amount of money from liberal you wanted ? after 30 '' year , that wa your only reason . ''
0	then tell your pal soros to stop funding hate group like antifa
0	you are not pretty
0	um bc she is ? ? ? ? ? ?
1	what the hell are these lefty talking about . they will say anything to stop maga . url
0	we are so proud of and the creativity she ha brought to our student ! she is truly an asset !
0	she is correct about one thing .. the truth doe always win !
0	yes he is
0	i trust him a lot more than the armchair quarterback on twitter . he make mistake because he is human . but he is one of the five best manager in the game today .
0	google got big by being the best search engine . this is one reason why it is no longer a trustworthy search engine .
0	she pick some random conservative issue from u and try to force fit in indian narrative . next might be gun control
0	he could have killed a many with a hunting rifle with the time and vantage he had . he had close to an hour before police entered his room . his actual shooting wa over 10 min . making this about gun control is just going to get more people killed . we need to be smarter .
1	he also think it ’ s a success doing nothing about gun control with kid being murdered in their school by people who have no need to posse gun !
0	i hope ask about the deep state and swamp creature undermining president ’ s agenda and latest video
0	another reason not to root for the panther ... # maga
1	.... and so it begin . & lt ; & lt ; & lt ; & lt ; the unfair and biased and unjustified targeting of conservative in a massive censorship of conservative exercise . & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; # pray4theusa # pray4revival
1	very disturbed by how this platform ha become like a dictatorship from the soviet state .
0	... but liberal want gun control and gun free zone .
0	nothing russia .. case closed .. yawn ! # maga
0	her eye look “ cockeyed ” to me .
0	skating is way better than before . visually it doe n't look a ton better , but it run smoother and crisper '' for lack of a better word . i 'm curious how 17 and 18 feel now if i revisit them ''
1	# liberal have destroyed # california just like they are attempting to do to the rest of the country . # radical do n't belong in any area of our government . grown ups belong there . url
0	. please do everyone a favor and delete this false thread and your account while you are at it . url
1	it is n't so much that liberal are ignorant . it 's just that they know so many thing that are n't so. ” ― ronald reagan url
1	be safe you fucker
0	6lack just made it on my sex playlist baby wam wherever you are get ready to get pregnant cause wow
1	i hate the democrat but they do fight like h3ll everyday . r 's are making so much from lobbyist they do n't give a damn what we want . i 'm ready for # maga party but we have to get trump elected 2020 and keep democrat out till 2020 url
0	.alina_ae hah ! make me think of my friend catherine back at home & lt ; /3 mighty hunter that she is !
0	make you not to vote republican
0	yes they have and it infuriating .
1	bitch call me .
0	- gold coin : she ’ s cute . “ diamond blue palm tree ” the visionary she is . probably fave production so far . a fave . gold coin everywheh .
0	he is not the only one i bet $ $ some these people are organizer of antifa ! ! url
0	chicago ha strict gun control law -- but within a few mile there is a free sale and exchange zone that nullifies rational effort . banning gun sale in the city of chicago helped a lot . restricting illinois sale helped . indiana wo n't participate . 1/
1	apparently this po doesn ’ t know that viacom bought out bet . it went from black ownership to white ownership
0	copycat
1	holy shit which sears ?
0	url go back to alpha . sara will report more today . omega is coming . truth . trust the plan . maga ... we are the plan = truth .
0	you are a wonderful asset and a great influence !
0	yes if you get it for me
0	she is really tall lol
1	new gun control law are a waste of time & amp ; energy which is better spent holding these worthless politician accountable for their refusal to enforce current law . why create more law they will never enforce ?
0	and my nephew is over there ! trump ha it right . get the f outta there !
0	it ’ s a heritage to be proud of ... antifa destroy nazi url
0	the entire way the dems have handled this allegation is like an antifa action ...
0	she look like she is planning a sneak attack
1	ohh shit
1	if obama 's lip are moving then he is lying .
0	in the uk we are desperately trying to protect our national health service ( free at the point of delivery ) from right wing conservative who admire the american model .
0	hopefully he will be indicted soon . at least loretta lynch wa charming and eloquent .
0	any mention of using the 25th amendment on obama would have had the left screaming racism .
1	a of right now my only solid position is that the nra ha become far too influential in politics and a a result they have delayed the desire for gun control for about 20 year .
1	right ! ! ! politics ha no place in anyone 's reproductive organ or their sex life ! ! ! !
0	the stats from that are skewed . they considered “ school shooting ” a wide range that most didn ’ t even include a school . just another fake stat to push gun control .
0	looking forward to the right dragging up these tweet when the new york time hire me a antifa editor
0	football is an all american sport that brings family and community together . it also celebrates masculinity . it seems these thing are under attack today .
0	. veteran earned their benefit . how can the liberal justify failing to spend this money on those who need it most ? # cdnpoli url
1	but the frog said it wa n't a muzzie terriorist attack .
0	you have got to learn how to let go of the past you are living in a new millennium .
0	attention . is publicizing the name of trump supporter on his twitter account on list '' . some name are high profile and some are just random trump supporter . the list is a antifa target list . please help report him . twitter need to suspend his account. , ''
0	in our house this is known a the sadim touch '' , the reverse midas , when everything turn to ratshit . ''
1	hatred of the man make people like this fool say thing like this . not reality .
1	# qanon # maga for those who think nothing is happening ! url
0	could you clarify what specific lie or fake news you believe that she is propagating and your source to verify her information wa false ?
0	you conservative think you know everything
0	right on ! time to stop this b nonsense from the left . time to prosecute antifa member a domestic terrorist a well .
1	you are a liberal who doe n't even live in fl .
0	stop talkin about urself
0	it her job to do that he is not her pr guy .
0	exactly ! ford is just a damn pawn for the baby-adults of america / aka democrat . # sheisaliar - i that conservative will control the highest court for 20+ year .
1	she is awful !
1	you are beginning to sound just like a stuck record brian . why do n't you go and find something le boring to do instead .
0	interesting ; my interpretation of the piece wa that he wa speaking tongue-in-cheek in relating his psychiatric condition to the gun qualification to highlight the ironic and counter-intuitive nature of gun control law . i thought it wa a well balanced insider piece .
0	he is talking about you big o .
0	//you are all not ready for # makotoniijimaweek2018
1	you are so dope man
0	someone should tell her that voter have to be at least 18 and be citizen . ca n't imagine adult with critical thinking skill could ever vote for her again .
0	of course she is ! probably ha the record over her lifetime .
1	strong character ? ... strong character ? anybody a bitter a she is for being a sore loser ha no character !
1	damn straight he is . nothing but good vibe coming through november
0	the vast majority of counterprotestors were normal cville resident . there were a few antifa and a few blm people . all violence wa instigated initially by the white supremacist . antifa protected clergy member and black resident .
0	wasnt it just recently that john brown gun club got kicked out of a shooting range for being antifa '' ? ''
1	you go mike and by the way sarah she is the best lair . url
1	it doe work . if you want to control a population . australian gun control had no effect on homicide .
0	ha this tweet been deleted ?
0	another tweet to prove even further that he is a pure narcissistic sociopath ! ! america deserves better & amp ; we need to demand better .
0	or we can go 's route and not believe any accusation levied against conservative because conservative are such saint .
0	i would love more information about joining the dukin donut division of antifa .
0	the rugrats believe in gun control
0	. writes this vile garbage then she point to the comment and go on talking about “ those mean liberal were picking on me. ” they always play the victim card after they bully someone . hannity doe this a lot !
1	wow ... not even his supporter can do the math and see that he is not right for this country . well his supporter cant do math either
0	hopefully he wo n't because he should learn a lesson ... and there should be better gun control by then ... if he did and something happened he could end up in jail ... that doe n't seem fun ... hope he turn his life around for the better .. will he go to foster care ?
0	anyone besides me think he is angling for session job saw today statement made only sitting senator would be approved a replacement otherwise senator would n't stab session in back well not sure how it make a difference but lg may be angling then send mueller packing
1	ohhhhhh i cried big crocodile tear the first time my daddy called me a bitch took it on the chin like a champ but ran to my room to cry just like a bitch
0	.... he is so stunning url
0	* * * non-union submission * * * alex is currently taking submission for a show working tomorrow in long beach . she is looking for male who appear to be african-american or hispanic looking and can portray ... url
0	how is this possible ? brady gave california a a+ rating on gun control .
0	you are a true blessing
1	he is useless . i hope he ha plenty paper towel . why ca n't he act like a grown up ? ? ?
1	dude . what the fuck is wrong with you ? i sent you a direct tweet to show you how you re-tweet your own shit . then i let it go . now you want to double down ? just go back to whoviille
0	is anything but an independent thinker . she is a loyal party aparachnik through and through .
0	11/copy : url
0	look like liberal are trying to hide this truth ... url
1	good morning ! i just followed you back ! let 's give these crazy liberal hell !
0	there ai n't no maga hat sold here but that do n't stop me from wanting to maga .
1	seems hard to believe that you stood next to a guy wearing those short and did n't masturbate but i 'll take your word for it
1	i have to be a smart as some way
0	# theresamay video in an effing scarf causing vomiting to anyone with a brain .. is likely because all the # whiteprivilege people she 's made # homeless been replaced with # muslim who will vote # corbyn # maga # mbga # mcga # mega # conservative # patriot
1	lying pm just like bliar ! end of tory party & amp ; i 'm tory party member ! remainers refuse to discus this with me in tory party ! please get rid of this total liar who hook up with corrupt convict from
0	but she is allowed to have her own rule . i believe your woman should support what you love and put on your fav team jersey and sit next to you . even if she hate football . if she can ’ t do that she ain ’ t the one
0	i love the mental attitude you have on these thing and how straight up you are about stuff
0	ugh put your antifa mask back on before you scare the child
0	what 's that gif called ?
1	he need to be removed from his position . child have and are being abused and he is covering it up ! !
0	i 'll be running for the selection . need to wait a few more week for that !
0	sound to me like the pope need counselled on confession .
1	that 's fucking gross .
0	liberal apparently think no one ha right unless having those right furthers the leftist agenda . i see it again and again and again .
1	the funniest thing about her is how easily triggered she is ! ! ! well that and how ugly she is
1	she is a complete idiot
0	lol antifa been doing it to republican for a year you didn ’ t care when it wa betsy devos
0	how did the press '' get the letter ? ? ? ? ? # maga ''
0	why do liberal always say they 're moving to canada if they do n't get what they want ? they never seem to offer to move to venezuela or greece or other failed liberal country .
0	actually i think antifa over took them and you contributed to their silence too ..
0	what 's a ten commandment ? '' ''
0	do n't know who he is and do n't really care ...
0	he is duel citizen ok .
1	why do all crazy liberal have crazy eye ? lol url
1	liberal mock president trump skin color and decapitated his likeness . they also threaten his family . even baron .
0	actualy im pretty sure if you banned all gun that would definitely stop criminal from getting them . but no one want to do that . but by your logic are n't gun control law better than not having gun control law ?
0	why would that matter to a bug ? seems that you are having some kind of mental attack or something . maybe you should ask for help .
0	good riddance .
0	* she is at home making a quick meal for herself in the off chance that and have already eaten *
1	yessssshhhhh who else call you shitgull if it were not me or ryme
0	agree # transparency # releasethedocuments # maga
0	# conservative left # frustrated a # congress pass big spending bill ... # tcot url
0	getting ready to disavow some toxic backlinks ... thank you # bing ! # usa # maga # usa
0	ok ..... you are wrong
1	orourke is just one more ignorant gun control freak ........ don ’ t know what they are talking about ! ! ! !
0	if you are considering leaving the republican party please do . we do n't need anymore pretend republican interfering with trump 's awesome agenda . sound like you need to just resign .
0	gun control at it finest . if that cop had a gun he wouldn ’ t have been vulnerable to this thug attack .
1	because he made guy dumb a shit
1	you are a fascist pig . now go report my to your shitty twitter so i will be removed .
1	you 're on fucking drug my dude
1	beautiful and sexy ..
0	what ’ s the difference between antifa and the brown shirt ? nothing url
0	arm '' were/are to be regulated by law—those regulation aimed at near-universal armament/training with contemporary military grade design `` arm '' personally owned/possessed & amp ; kept in the home—by `` the people '' # 2a that is constitutional `` gun control '' . ''
0	he seems nice
0	love everything you are doing including you yourself . your voice vibe body sound flow is all awesome and yummy . will be waiting for the next song u make . good luck on your journey .
0	then why is america succeeding under president trump .
0	only for conservative . liberal elevate the person and make them their presidential nominee . only a person like trump seems immune .
1	you are a cheater casey !
1	antifa fascist and socialist are one and the same ...... time to respond ! url
1	the mother never moved i think i would have at least moved a arm a leg i mean something she is a idiot . why wasn ’ t she watching for car geeezzz and the other idiot in the car he/she is blind
1	just saw your algae commercial blaming that ’ s pretty rich considering you are the gov and have done zero zip and now you want to be senator of fl .
0	2 of 2 vote her butt right out of office . # dianefeinstein is part of the problem in america not part of the solution . her old idea and # clarencethomas trick will not work this time . # votered2018 # kag # confirmkavanaugh # confirmcoachk # maga url
0	he and obama ... ca n't stand em .
0	i mean , that occasionally work when arguing with liberal or centrist , if you can get them to give up the idea that socialism=authoritarianism , '' the problem is that conservative have long since given up the idea that administrative measure are ever the right thing to do . ''
1	don ’ t get on here saying that type of dumb shit
0	jacob stand there in his own garden and saw him he blushed hard amd try to look away . oh holy god ... '' he wisperd `` he is so sexy and good looking ... '' ''
1	a clear majority of conservative approve of trump and the gop . don ’ t be stupid .
0	these are truly beautiful and unique .
0	& amp ; you are myy brotherr url
1	holy shit get a lawyer false advertisement colon in not a football player he is a vag head
0	lmao that 's awesome
0	i am not an anime fan by any mean but i do like her . she is a cutie
1	i suppose you think the way liberal attacked sarah palin wa courageous also . you ’ re just another hypocrite .
0	those option are weak the situation wa lot more complex . to answer your question tho she is a star and if her head is big she earned it and no the umpire shouldnt boycott . people always want to make and example out of serena like this ha never happened before
0	sharyl attkisson is not the msm ! she is a truth-teller .
0	but under # trump they agreed to take him back to germany . so thank you ! !
0	who ? kerry ?
0	thanks for the kind word ! we 're so glad to hear that you are loving the mattress !
0	now this is how we maga url
0	i 'm by no mean an expert in how to pitch a gun control law to your congress .
0	he can put # kaepernick on his squad anytime . # justdoit
1	he 's another one of the puke pool ! ! it 's getting pretty full i can tell you that for sure ! ! !
0	. for president ! ! # maga # kag
0	possive dumb as ?
0	wow you are so hot
1	you are a disgrace
1	open border will bring this to america ! dems are brainless ! vote red like your life depends on it because it doe ! # kag # maga url
1	you are such a lier and all for money . nobody want “ francoism ” here in spain ! except ppl like you and your fascist separatist friend to smoke screen all the money embezzlement here in catalonia ! why all your friend are with vlaams belang ? & amp ; the italian nazi ? nazi url
0	remember tina . you can always sleep when you are dead ! url
0	yall please do not send her yall money this is a scam these are my wig she is posting and scamming people
0	condemn antifa for attacking peaceful protester .. there wa once a time that joe biden wa viewed a someone who could be a bridge builder but you succumbed and caved to the evil way of the demon-crats and went over to the dark side .. what would your son think .
0	the difference between a demon and a pedophilia priest ..... a demon let 's you know it 's there
0	she is
1	thank you for proving my point . you are foulmouthed trash
0	that is rachel madcow 's mother . no doubt about it !
1	it crossed my mind that sheriff israel may have ordered them to stand down . the democrat will use any tragedy to be in the public eye to promote gun control . it 's a shame that these thing even came to mind but i have seen too much from the left to be surprised at anything .
0	holy shit
0	it 's time the # conservative # binnedboris and sent 'lyin lynton back to australia .
0	gun control now ! beto for massachussetts senator !
0	i know this is most likely a fake profile set up 2 get conservative unhinged so this nut can report them . just had 2 get that off my chest !
0	# tory # labour # ge2017 # conservative conservative url theresa_may : i ’ m pleased the government is investing £2 billion in new long-term funding to build more affordable and social home . everyone deserves a decent and safe place to… url
1	do i care pe . hope they fold like a cheap table . wonder what the spoiled primadonnas do when their huge salary ca n't be made . bet it wo n't be bailed out like gm & amp ; too big to fail bank were
0	not to mention that jim seriously ha a medical condition . what an sjw tactic to take . sargon seriously ha become what antifa is .
0	would n't it be easier to close the loophole that allow gun to get into the wrong hand ? this article by duke 's center for child and family provides a good overview on the subject . url
0	........ thank god it wa not a mosque ! !
1	louis farrakahn called . he said you are doing a great job of parroting his idea . ( mean you do not have an original thought and that you are actually the puppet here ) .
1	poor triggered snowflake . # maga
0	oh he is more than that lol
1	she is not a republican ... by any mean ....
0	conservative woman are invisible to liberal . it make u stealth . we are actually what feminist aspire to be . we know what we think . we know what we expect . we vote . and that ’ s our superpower .
0	girl he is fine . lol
0	# islamism & amp ; the # left including # marxist # progressive # socialist & amp ; w/ their shock troop # brownshirt # antifa trying to subvert our # constitutional # usarepublic
1	fuck you . you are disgusting animal and your editor who approved the “ news ” is a bag of shit .
0	did i say that no typical liberal
0	his wittle feelwings are probably hurt 'cause he know everything said by trump about bo 's era is true !
0	you are joking !
0	exactly !
1	ahh yes we are cause some woman who come out 30 some year later cant be believed . where wa this liberal outrage when the guy from minnesota wa accused of beating his wife . silent on that one libs god you hypocritical liberal make me sick
0	the account of and are the antifa twin . do n't try to twist this a is your usual game .
0	austin rogers ? yay ! ! ! ! he is a favorite . so glad we will be seeing him again .
0	he is saying what '' they need to do to fix the problem , but not much `` how '' they will fix them . i am a hear-broken cardinal 's fan looking for answer ''
0	please # retweet please # share # thankyou # love # share # life # money # crowdfunding # gofundme # monsterfunder please # support ex dem fervent maga # donate here # today : url
0	a new hero . god bless him
0	felon eric holder should be rotting in prison for his crime . url
1	seriously ? ? .... guess comedy is easier to get viral .... have you tried drawing shit ? xd
0	wiiu is not even a real console .
1	it is the consensus of the republican party that sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl should not disqualify a judge from sitting on the highest court in the land and making life-or-death decision about woman 's health . # maga
0	he is so talented !
0	can we pas a new law , if your sexually assaulted '' you have one year to come forward or you shut up . all the `` brave '' larry nassar victim 2 to 20 year to report . now this democratic # fakenews woman . it 's fake and we need protection . # maga # trump # wwg1wga # qanon # kavanaugh ''
1	mueller can go fornicate himself . he is a crooked a the day is long .
1	right .. ? total ocd right there lol yeah ... totally gon na floss that sucker off .
0	you are helping the # redwaverising url
1	and your gun control ha failed to reduce homicide . your homicide rate ha not dropped after all of those gun law . it ha however rose . enjoy bending a knee to the people who do n't really give a shit about you though .
0	anyone supporting nike or kap is antiamerican url
0	there are no principled conservative .
0	james she is neck deep in her own confirmation bias she is unable to see logic and reason at this point .
0	i much prefer the latter option .
0	heather mac donald : college teach student to see bias where it doesn ’ t exist '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
1	bitch i wan na know
1	why not begin the movement by giving away some of the farm and mine claim you and your connection took while you were still relevant . that way ; we can show your concern for u . from where i am standing ; you are just another bitter polutician . charity begin at home baba .
0	thank you . yes she is .
1	what if the rape never happened and she is lying ? why is her word gospel ? many woman are gold digger avenger and liar .
0	i just have to assume you are the mastermind ?
0	she is just so effortlessly funny
1	she is a drama queen she pulled the feel sorry for me card too because she is now a ‘ working ’ mom ... give me a break
0	# antifa # altleft to go with richard simmons stalker
1	are you saying they ’ ll become another victim of the clinton ’ s ?
1	white liberal like you and your colored ilk are easily worse than bigot . you are nothing but a coward and victim-hood enabler who want to keep my kind impoverished via welfare and identity politics . thank god more people are seeing your evil for what it is
0	voting for her a well . democrat i assume .
1	ugh i meant * wig shit
1	liberal got to crap all over everything .
1	but but but we need more gun control right ? oh wait ... guess that doesnt stop criminal , only law abiding citizen . which is known . so .... think on why they '' want to control you and disarm you . ''
1	wonder how many child he molested
0	don ’ t use his nj address . he is never there .
0	i didn ’ t have them in school ... did u no harm ... they are a distraction and you are in school to learn ....... url
0	10 place to promote your blog for free for massive traffic if you are one of those blogger that expect your blog url
0	i doubt if he is afraid of france , but he is being hammered by the left here everyday . we think it 's france `` behind the genocide secretly for investment ? they sure are silent ! ! ! not the ordinary french people , the global elite and bank . my guess is you will get help ''
0	whoa ! # resist # liberal # fakenews # democrat # pp # antifa # womensmarch # maxinewaters # kavanaugh # hillaryclinton # maga # maddow # votered2018 the whole kitchen sink .
0	that 's why trump supporter ca n't even wear a hat without being abused . if they meet the animal on the left attack them . antifa is a branch of the communist-socialist-nazis democrat party .
0	... not too old to stand up and yell when she is out of order .... guess she get what ’ s coming to her like everyone else .
1	fuck yeah you are ! ! ! !
0	maga kag winning
0	with good reason !
0	he had to fuck up . you can only give a guy so many chance no matter how talented he is
0	shouldve played saint marie instead of london dock . saint wa as for me
0	holy shit he 's a prophet
0	raise your hand if you ’ re a boomer and you are going to fall for the next resistance grift url
1	awesome win ! ! i truly believe american are sick to death of what the left is trying to do to destroy america and change our country into what it never wa intended to be . go vote america and maga ! thank you president trump for believing in our country and keeping promise .
0	p the gun control law and subsidised healthcare are real
0	who need court when you have clairvoyant liberal .
0	... like a great drum in a mother 's chest , the anthem of a peaceful army . '' i 'm guessing anthem is the song josh wrote for his mother . he 's said in interview that she is where his philosophy come from . ''
0	lol . my 6 year old is home today ad well and wa in tear a she is receiving her star of the week award and will miss out .
0	soulmate/ life partner yes ma ’ am she is ! !
1	i have been thinking about it and it 's not inconceivable that someone wa trying to meddle with people 's mind regarding gun control . i am double-minded about the use of arm because i am a peacemaker . shoot once and you could start a big war . & gt ; 2
1	and don ’ t forget # supplymanagement ! he ha been stubbornly clinging to that that tax . it also distorts all of international trade deal . just make life le affordable for the average working family . only the liberal ...
0	awewww u falling for back up after blocking people end of day my man their all going down this is day one give me a month and we will strip the fascist antifa and mug like you of all secrecy
0	nearly made me contribute to antifa and join facebook . nearly .
1	that shit got me dead ! ! eager as boi !
1	conservative are so sick of these tactic by liberal . first there wa bork then there wa thomas . republican just keep taking it too ... trump won ’ t take it for long though . url
0	liberal are kind bad slow at this or they just stalling .
1	aaron finding the sending if a locomotive funny . he is aware it symbolises the train jew were sent to their death on .
0	90 % of these conservative '' really are n't . they just found the liberal side of the aisle to crowded . url
1	meanwhile ... greatest economy ever . more job for black and hispanic in history . 401k is kicking as . ms13 and illegals are being deported daily . nk is back to the table for denuclearizing . trump is draining the corruption of doj and fbi . # outfrickingstanding ! # maga2020 url
1	hope you blister
0	keep it going let ’ s all remember vote ! ! ! vote red ! ! let ’ s do the # maga for our . yaay ! ! # maga ! !
1	antifa unmasked and up close ! hey is that who i think it is ? ? ? p.s . they are so stupid no one told them a white raised fist stand for “ white power ” so thanks d * mba ! url
1	trump kick dem butt - it so fun .
0	despicable is a world that only go half way of describing maxine
1	way over the head ... '' you # liberal are all the same .. `` supporter are stupid '' `` if you think for yourself , you are a racist '' `` aboilish ice so we can have open border and more crime . '' get out of you bubble for a minute and look at how great the country is doing . # maga ''
0	she now think she is a political activist the same way she think she can act
0	shid i 'm right with ya
0	hold the damn vote . iowa voter chiming i ’ m here . wuit the damn liberal game and stand up to this crap .
1	9 factory worker gunned down in iowa city with 20-gauge winchester pump-action shotgun . the nra blame gun control law .
0	4/5 despite dissent within declared “ all canadian are aware of the need for change to canada ’ s gun control system . this government is committed to the reduction of crime , and effective gun control measure are an important part of canada ’ s criminal law . url
1	nobody voice opinion in this country louder than conservative so idk what the fuck he 's on about
1	you ! ! ! need to leave a lot of shit in the past lol this tweet is literally made for you
0	we could help if you are london based
1	.... and boob . do not forget the tatas .
0	happy birthday again namjoon ! thank you for always sharing your thought and feeling with u ! you are a beautiful person with a beautiful mind and heart url
0	you are really an army ajsvsnsksjsj i love you family
1	fallon is a woosy
0	dems trying to clean up their sloppy # kavanaugh # allegation # confirmjudgekavanaughnow # maga
0	one man evening is another 's morning depending where you are xd it 's just about 8:30 in the morning here .
1	kirinodere and the curious case of the fucked custom fee . 10/10 good book .
0	anything to say ?
1	chuck is a “ duck ! ”
0	i am jealous . i would love to work in the white house with these fine people . hell i would dust the window 's just to be a part of this fabulous time and team . god bless you all . maga
1	you are neither authority nor arbiter . have a seat .
0	exactly . she doe n't want to perjure herself since she is being nothing but a paid actress .
0	you are kind and attentive . thank you peace to you
0	wow she is nut !
1	trump is a very sick man . he is toxic and mean spirited .
0	she is just great . a long a she win the title eventually
0	blame trump ? ? that ’ s sad to the good people of puerto rico
0	mark my word : # bluewave2018
0	that 's almost a idiotic a the antifa disarm them '' thing ... ''
0	antifa tell the truth ?
0	need to get over it . it ’ s been 5 year since he hasn ’ t played for the bird . move on already . there is hardly anyone still on the team from when he played with the bird . he is starting to sound bitter that he doesn ’ t have a ring
0	you like player based on where they line up on offense ? of course we used him a a returner and receiver der that ’ s what he is ... and yes indeed he lined up at rb i ’ m glad that made you a fan of his i ’ m sorry you expect everyone who responds to you to agree
1	i see . it 's a damn shame how delusional he is . he 's got ta be the worst . even more than those boston ben stans
1	in the criminal world of the democrat & amp ; liberal this is exactly how it work ! !
0	i ’ m still confounded and amazed the antifa wing want new speech restriction a though some other ag who isn ’ t a racist hack will be in charge of implementing in interpreting them . he ’ s suing college for discriminating against * white * student w/ civil right law . c ’ mon .
0	exciting week ahead ! ! god bless you mr president # deplorables # maga # kag url
0	fresh boy think he is strong
0	to be very honest it ’ s also wrong to disregard stats . hazard is an attacker and isn ’ t pegged with any sort of defensive duty . he is always with the ball ( a the main man/his ’ style ) so if his g+a stats aren ’ t a good a people expect they have every right to question his rating
1	not only the antifa got quite alot israel supporter . you 'll find israeli flag at the right winger protest just a well . oh the irony url
0	weird california ha all the best gun control
0	the framer of the constitution were primarily white anglo-saxon men so what might that tell u about modern day anti-federalists and the antifa movement and the extreme they might go to ? url url
1	how about really healing the country by leaving it and taking the rest of the loony liberal with you
1	it ’ s funny how you idiot liberal seem to forget when other president do the same shit . haha .
0	that ’ s a real shocker ! { sarcasm }
0	it is not a crisis '' . the conservative think everything is a crisis- the asylum seeker , the economy , tmx now nafta . just relax guy the adult are in the room . ''
1	behold all the conservative who deliberately ignore the fact that the ok gesture used to be benign but now is co-opted by racist to signal they 're down with white supremacy . much like swastika were benign in asian country ( & amp ; still are ) but were co-opted & amp ; ruined by nazi .
0	all of u are scratching our head over this . he is trying to intimidate . do n't let him .
0	culture v race in america race trump culture . hence president obama and tiger are black because of how they appear . osaka cultural identifies a japanese therefore she is japanese . if she stay in america she ’ ll become black-japanese because in america we identify people be race
1	liberal are trying to destroy all conservative men . time to criminally charge and jail these liar that try to destroy a man .
1	who really listens to those post menapausal angry yenta except hardcore liberal and femanazis ?
0	oh rookie you ’ re we ’ re a adorable then and you are now ! quite the baseball family tree .
1	trudeau and the metoo movement hahaha . he is on the wrong side there . funny how question never went anywhere with trudeau .
1	poor old rudy he is a full of shit a a christmas goose .
0	you are about to get on the map ! this safety is legit !
0	war on conservatism : # antifa
0	i see may in the same light a yourself . even the last election wa about her and not the conservative . a split is coming to the tory partyvery soon !
0	. need to come out & amp ; say if we ’ re headed for a ‘ no-deal ’ in october then must call a general election . that ’ s the only “ people ’ s vote ” we need . if people want a ‘ no-deal ’ they can vote for the i don ’ t think people do . so vote
0	4/ even before that , in 2015 , britain 's most senior foreign office official that the conservative ' prosperity agenda '' wa now more high up the list of priority than human right url url
1	he 's not an opportunistic liar . nor have you proven he is . so your whole argument is fake news .
1	he too is afraid his backstabbing deed will be discovered and made public undermining the entire farce of the obama administration
0	this pope may have to stepdown
0	i think it ’ s a stupid choice not to put the planting of the flag in there . you are intentionally saying fu when you could be having audience clap and cheer because of the accomplishment of the nasa team and the country ’ s support . not going to see it .
0	goodluck ! you are my bet ! # emmy
0	eli is what he is at this point average at best
1	if kerry clown is actually doing it and admits he is and it 's a crime . throw his as in jail . he should be arrested ... right ? ? ?
0	‘ .... it ’ s all about maga for me .... a a very dear friend say •1million follower and $ 1.95 will buy you # fact
0	do you know what antifa stand for ?
1	at least he 's not a coward like you . what 's your platform ? where 's your donor list ? # berniernation it 's time conservative did the right thing .
1	and it 's funny a obama starting talking about gun control shooting started happening . correlation-definitely so .
0	actually bad example . japan never had weapon of any kind to begin with before their gun control . uk and australia gun crime and crime in general did n't see a spike down . new zealand ha much le gun control than you think . plus there 's still gun on the black market
0	white cop are called racist by mob and liberal daily
0	kamala harris speaks to those she disagrees with in a condescending fashion that i find gutter like ! i want to snatch her bald headed routinely ! she is so full of herself and is very unbecoming !
0	she 's brilliant . you are not .
0	i apologize if you inferred i wa calling you antifa . i wa qualifying one of my many reason for owning an arsenal .
0	yes . that ’ s how the liberal do .
0	hahah a left telling a right he is making everything political .. too f ’ n funny !
0	antifa are so said sjw '' and to be honest . antifa is n't really about the same `` justice '' that a rider is . ''
0	see at this point i don ’ t know if you are making these food a a joke or if you actually like eating this
1	it ’ s like saying you ’ re pale ! you live in the north pole ! bitchass dipfuck
1	vote no on kavanaugh . he ha committed perjury . he ha dodgy financials . he think the president is above the law . he think contraceptive are abortion inducing drug . he is too extreme for the sc .
0	he is the ultimate tease
0	he is like really smart .
0	she is amazing ! !
1	i fully support antifa . i give them money . white nationalism is cancer in a proudly multicultural society . it should be illegal . it is in germany . we had two war over this issue . white nationalist lost both . we are done with this discussion .
1	i believe you are the peace of shit and you do not deserve a star ! # maga ! ! god bless the usa and god bless president trump ! ! !
0	you look beautiful ashley.yr home away from home ! u look so comfortable.hey let 's bring bridget home 2b w the rest of her family & amp ; friend a a regular on the show.i 'm a diehard fan & amp ; want aj back on screen where she is happiest # bringbridgethome # bringbridgetback aj
0	because liberal are insane and btw had this been a democrat nominee and the accuser wa a female conservative she would not be heard . heck look at keith ellison 's accuser who ha proof . they 've turned their back on her and she 's a democrat ! why is the not helping her ?
1	he is a dumbass ! ! ! ! !
1	we ’ ll we ’ ve been fucked by bama twice since we got here so we ’ re almost tru fan
0	- # liberal from the top down
0	bottom line is and should be to all is that the accusation is from 35+ yr ago when they were minor . the judge ha 60 h student of his saying no way ! judge managed to keep impeccable lifestyle a an adult . accuser is a hardcore left activist ( soros antifa type who ha a 2grd
0	hope she is ok .
0	so only people that own firearm are allowed to comment on the gun control debate ? ? ! !
1	listen here lady my tweet wa about the fact that i ’ m sick of hearing about trump every time i listen to news . idk where the fuck you get off trying to spin it in to some sort of racial situation ! you are part of the problem . stop turning shit in to something it ’ s not .
1	you literally told me that you thought i wa being “ a fake nice bitch ” url
0	* buying more levi ’ s url
0	yeaaaahh she is ! ! & lt ; 33 url
0	she life in the heart of all gun nut conservative .
0	abi ? you are right
0	it 's not a conservative semantic argument . it 's a stretch , meant to incite emotion with inflated school shooting '' statistic . people hear `` school shooting , '' and without reading they are meant to think of parkland , and begin their predictable howl for gun control . someone wa ''
0	stop
0	nove # reputationtour for # pcas # theconcerttour
0	thank antifa for their special brand of authoritarianism just look at sargon of akkad
1	fuck off
0	thank you . they all do . it will be excited for all . and i love i feel the for him . he is such a rockstar .
0	we all had fun ! loved watching eye light up w excitement when he used their name a they asked questionsyes ! he is talking to you !
1	we are calling you an operative . or shill . and more important a bigot for refusing to apologize for your action to a woman just because she is not a scientologist . you won ’ t even acknowledge what you did or defend or explain it despite how many time it ha been asked already ?
1	he school read a ammo box warning label ...
0	so happy for you and your dad ! ! ! my dad had the same kind of cancer but stage 4. he wa diagnosed in 2016 and passed away this passed january . my mom is kicking leukemia ’ s as since nov. of 2015 and she is doing awesome !
0	fluctuat nec mergitur - latin for she is tossed by the wave but she doe not sink - also the city motto of paris .
0	hard to know where colin 's lip stop and nike begin
0	christian been thinking woman lie since eve and the start of christianity .... conservative just give it legislative and judical teeth to oppress woman in the modern age .... # kavanaugh # kavanaughconfirmation # metoo url
0	how dare you for questioning my service in a little thing called the vietnam war ? france surrendered vietnam to snowflake supremo ho chi minh . liberal jfk and lbj went in but refused to fight to win . we should go back to vietnam to finish the fight . restore the draft ?
0	# nike attempt to alienate more than half the country grabbed so much attention nobody noticed levi ’ s going full gun control and partnering with the clown from everytown . if a leftist company go woke and nobody notice doe it make a sound ?
0	everyone in my orbit is totally backing serena today ! she is totally validated with her action and handled it with grace and character . i ’ m sorry for her experience but i feel that respect for her ha grown beyond the tennis world
0	i ’ ve been following this doll since 06 and he is a star . i love you
0	you said your complains for fox news is nothing like trump ’ s war against news medium . you are right . trump didn ’ t use “ espionage act of 1917 ” to spy reporter he doesn ’ t like . yours is much worse and scary ! !
0	exactly what the # leftistlibtards wanted to happen . try are a # corrupt and # miserable party . url
1	the tweet show how demented liberal have become . they have zero credibility
1	frankly i hate that argument . gun control . healthcare . student loan . tax policy . climate change . social security . medicare . even car emission and mileage . there is a clear difference on each and every policy .
0	you are too funny !
0	# familyprotection : gun control supporter are once again rebranding their effort [ we 're on facebook @ livingtrust - free california # ccw class - plus virtually unlimited free training at front sight ( world 's largest shooting school ) ] url
0	once again a lt governor of california you are concentrating on another country . how about focusing on california constituent and fix the ever increasing tax and regulation this will double our electricity bill rate ! url
1	i know . i think they ’ re the one who ’ ll be surprised about that since they think all liberal want to make gun ownership illegal .
0	funny how liberal change their tune about woman accuser based soley on their political persuasion ! isn ’ t there a term for that ? oh yeah ! # hypocritical !
0	but they promise free stuff from the magic money tree # maga
1	you guy . you seriously do n't mean everyone right ? there are good people here that do n't like to bother with shit like that . personally for me i want this shit to stop but our government apparently is to fucking stupid with gun control . arm teacher with gun '' yes make sense . ''
0	fake news at it 's finest just change name to antifa and chicken gropers news you ca n't use ...
1	. you are deplorable despicable disgusting ! url
0	well you are fabulous
0	she ’ s not trying to be a better person she is just trying to save herself from all the horrible thing she did ! !
1	and civil right , '' like the 'right ' to kill your own child transcending a child 's right to life ... from the same people that insist on more stringent gun control law to 'save the life of child . ' let that sink in ... ''
1	hollywood and medium make joke about jesus and christian and think that 's hilarious but turn every innocent joke conservative tell in to an outrage . typical of reprobate .
0	# taxpayer funded ‘ unprecedented ‘ # armed protection for # guncontrol sen. # kamalaharris | breitbart url via
0	you get more like this guy with every hysterical tweet url
0	you are too pure to become like this , atsushi-kun . '' he whispered a if he could hear what the child wa thinking about . that wa n't so hard . `` i love you , i have adopted you , i have saved you . you showed me a beautiful light , atsushi-kun . '' ''
0	liberal judge you guilty even when proven innocent . # liberalsneedtheirownpsychward
0	convincing conservative ( loosely defined ) to have this change of mindset is definitively crucial to win . and the change will come regardless anyway ... it 's just a matter of it it will come before it 's already too late .
0	f a k e n e w s e v e r y w h e r e guess who ! # # maga # wwg1wga # patriotsunited # qanon # qarmy url via url
0	“ cause you are taller than me and i always get excited to see you . ”
0	just sitting on the bus listening to the most sensible thing and i 'm trying not to tear up i miss your father so much and it hurt to watch and listen to him i wish he wa here but i know for a fact he is with all of u and he will always forever be the best
0	this is the guy who put u on the original 100 antifa in c'ville and signed it 'you 're welcome '
0	# ownthelibs interesting documentation of reactionary behavior from conservative url
0	what exactly do you mean by “ common sense gun control ” you first need to understand firearm how they function what their role is in our constitutional republic and that banning them from law abiding citizen doe nothing to protect law abiding citizen .
0	hopefully you are an asu fan and not u of a
1	care a great deal about how he is perceived . the number of people who died is largely irrelevant to him a long a he doe n't look bad . not sure how blaming democrat fit with trump 's amorality and lack of empathy but his inability to take responsibility fit .
0	perhaps our politician should stop using them a reason to ban/confiscate popular firearm . the gun control crowd is making them a target and it is wrong .
1	she is the worst . but what can you expect when you consider what she ha to personally gain from his confirmation
0	have you ever served this country other than be elected ? because that is not the same ! have you ever put your life on the line for others ? ! i am one of the dreg of society ! # dregsofsociety # maga
0	the liberal backed by the ndp corrupted ontario 's taxpayer with hedgefunders in ontario and the usa . this is just the beginning of a process to expose these crime and more is on the way .
1	mom better watch out for the moron 's hand . he ha at least 17 accusation of sexual harassment charge . he is also affected by pee stained skin due to his liking to be peed on !
1	tweet is directed at him . i can care le about whatever it is he is blathering about .
0	ihmykgodoosj he is the epitome of beauty
1	latino conservatives=self-hating freak
0	that 's new
1	we are done . you have no knowledge base for any of this and you are drunk on lie .
0	inviting war criminal to canada is what parliament doe when ever it requested by british military intelligence . i bet they told our parliament to take in this latest batch of war criminal . you vote for this treason omar url
0	antifa- haha it ’ s not exactly a big movement but ok .
1	he is an idiot and not very smart either .
1	he 's butt hurt just like hrc .
1	on everything that shit is really sad smh
0	i like my soda like i like my boarder with a lot of ice .
1	is he crazy ? where is s detail .. how are they making sure some crazy liberal with a gun doe n't show up ?
0	totally agree ! # trump2020 . now if we conservative hunter and gun owner could just teach u urban guy hat federal public land are paid and protected by conservative ! # keepitpublic
1	the more antifa b average american see in the news the more repulsed they are by their antic .
0	he is such a good ad for conservative
1	bibi so look like stalin when stalin wa younger . maybe he is starting to act like him a tad . china is never your friend .
1	comparing a date '' to rape is disgusting . i hope your family never ha to deal with rape . you are a disgusting po . ''
0	blame the rush feinstein . she sat on this for two month . you and your party drove this timeline on purpose . live w it . i hope someday someone accuses you of something and you watch your entire life ’ s work disappear . he is a person w a family . remember that !
1	security are paid to protect you from trash and crazy people
1	and what doe this have to do with a lying attorney and a 35 year old claim ? i know it 's hard for you liberal to look at two thing at once
1	let me nigga fish in peace damn
0	she is back !
0	ohio we have to make sure we get jim renacci elected for senate . america is here for you . let 's all # maga together - url url
1	more lie ! # maga # makeamericagreatagain # theresistance url
1	suck for you
0	if you ever want a record setting bad election for the liberal in quebec you need to go back to this url
0	boo hoo hoo u lose
0	also puerto rico is a island add in the middle of the atlantic and people have nowhere to go . if a big enough hurricane come through there everyone could die .
0	and she ( lucy hale ) can not do it because she is traveling im just poiting that out .
0	hi ! welcome to twitter ! lol you must have missed the entire week of tweet talking about how reggie wa doomed and we had maga running our football operation ! lol
0	i 'm astounded that conservative hold her up a some kind of intellectual . what a failure .
0	did she have all her personal info hacked from using google .
0	depends on which way you point them
1	of course it doe . but they were n't interested to him . domestic abuse is still domestic abuse . so i hope you did n't use this fake rumor just to shit on the habs and that you actually care about domestic abuse .
1	thanks joe ! ! ! my sanity wa forsaken a looong time ago hahaha
0	global sushi & gt ; dead commie terrorist . i choose sushi .
0	definition for liberal : dangerous = exculpatory . more ’ s
1	chris burn you are a fascist . nothing more than that .
0	bitter liberal are so funny . keep posting with anger ! so fun to read ....
1	police your own first right ? you see it a unfortunate he is saying these thing in public but others see it even more unfortunate that she say the thing she say in public . she is an extremely public figure and he is using a similar platform .
0	everytime i hear that catch phrase now , u know , url better than this '' , i know hate is gon na be spewed . ''
0	why r u still pushing this . he is burnt . he ha been outed a a sexual predator and feinstein is ur new hero . mondy there will be a list of woman a mile long that he raped or worse . it 's all trump fault .
1	# homeoffice release one # terrorist a week and 46 in the year to march ? report wa prior to # choudary being released . i have home office document in full in a link on my stream .. question asked are laughable # maga # mega # mbga # mbga # conservative # muslim # migrant url
0	i hope he is ok and he find the peace that will provide him the happiness that he need
1	thing had become easy for liberal during the obama administration ( liberal are screaming : damn truth i mean trump ) !
0	i just said that very same thing . that christian '' create a life/death for dr. ford or stormy daniel who tell their story , but i do n't see ( not counting antifa ) that happening from u to them . it 's so weird . not very christ-like of them , at the least of it , and so vile , etc ''
1	you & amp ; your husband are double-talking hypocrite . we can see right through your gun control '' facade . what you really want is for u to give up our gun while you & amp ; your husband get to keep your gun . ''
1	for lying ? how much is the dnc/soros/antifa paying her ? how ’ s your chinese spy doing ?
0	66 % of american want tuition-free college 67 % support roe v. wade 68 % support stricter gun control law 70 % support medicare for all 78 % support teaching kid about climate change 82 % support congressional term limit 91 % support criminal justice reform url
0	// he is still in the bathroom . i really have to go .
0	ha a deal with samrat family i think to save him from the case . we know how samrat is attract for girl teju and geetha . now when complaint came he is taking care . sad for her wife # kaushalarmy # biggbosstelugu2
1	29. listened to the liberal ; democrat and their bed-buddies in the msm demand transparency '' from the well , your about to get a yuge scoop of `` transparency '' from him . like i said in the start of this thread : be careful what you wish for . ~end . url
0	thought on sandy alcantara ? seems like he is pitching well
0	answer : difi and antifa democrat have no sense of decency remaining
1	bt1100 as malfunction
1	do n't forget antifa '' ... and `` acorn '' ... and that terrorist that obama `` palled ( ? ? ) around with ! hahahahahha ... do you listen to your own malarkey ? ''
0	a book ? still wanting money from the public . liberal will probably buy it or soros will buy up a lot of copy to make it a best seller a he ha probably done with other liberal book . # voteredtosaveamerica
0	governor of his state next
0	can you elaborate why you think making tax cut permanent is a bad idea ?
1	please get off first take ! you yell wayy too much and you seem like you are being a asshole . when you are on set i litterly ca n't hear anything but screaming . it obvious dont like you and and wa like dude stfu ! !
0	she is . seriously . ive cried so hard when i read her dm where she wrote to me “ i care ” and i ’ ve cried bc i wa happy not sad and yeah that made my day
0	you ca n't tell me what the fuck i can and ca n't do ! '' * whip out binoculars * ''
0	everything in order other than the claim that the conservative are the party of business .
0	/my heart is ache when i search kyla pristin . she is happy now why hater wont let her be
0	mbappe is bang average ... would shit brick in pl ... glad for him he is in a league which is absolute joke
0	this game is completely won and lost in the midfield . we need the defensive pressure high !
0	this is comical ! ! they think they are really doing something ! when really they 're just getting laughed at .
1	oh fuck this is me . i am a tmi queen on some thing because it control the conversation subtly but god help you if you comment in my habit or decision i swear to god
0	he is the best
1	i ’ ve been asking myself the same question and it ’ s because he is such a phony . if he is such a fan of cleveland why is and he still playing for the cavalier the po . he ’ s trying to save face with the fanbase and it ’ s so obvious that is his fakeness ! but stupid people will buy in
1	you 're a piece of shit for saying that fema wa successful in helping puerto rico after hurricane maria . 3000 people died . you think that 's successful ? you really have no soul . you 're a fucking horrible human being . i do n't even think you 're human . fuck you ! ! !
1	so funny , this wa labeled a sensitive medium '' ! ! yet , people post porn on twitter all the time . unfiltered ''
0	they are violating the conservative freedom of speech ... it ’ s censorship ... important thought today it is being used against conservative but who is to say what will be tomorrow ? depends on who is holding the « power » sound like how communism to me
1	why of course . liberal reject truth and accept falsehood . that 's why they do n't believe kanaugh and believe ellison .
0	been supporting ur game for year a u know it about time u giys wa free and able to communicate like you are doing & lt ; 3 hopefully only up from here brother
0	fluffy wa found ‼
0	you have n't a clue of what you are talking about . you cant even tell the difference between a real nazi and a freedom loving minority .
0	the reason you do n't get my point is you do n't understand what the priesthood or holy order is a a sacrament . i can only do so much re : educating people about the catholic faith . try the catechism of the council of trent .
0	here she is ........ url
1	fuck the nfl
0	it 's ok. i 'm glad you are ok. it 's good you had a nice safe and dream .
0	so proud of the harper govt for all the good they are doing for cda today . good & amp ; bad it ’ s nice to see the liberal give the conservative mention .
0	nothing more satisfying than a good scratch ( or “ howk ” if you are a scottish badger ! )
0	now “ beto ” will have three excellent opportunity to sell texan on gun control and open border !
0	european liberal and conservative must stand together against populism . follow my page if you think the same .
0	german antifastock fought against the nazi . german antifa rescued jew .
0	democrat and liberal have dragged this out far too long . the american people are tired of it . confirm the guy and move on . how convenient that this guy is about to be confirmed a a u supreme court justice and someone accuses him of sexual assault from high school . # ridiculous
0	what you thinking about ?
0	it 's great to see you posting this . it show everyone the disrespect you have for teacher and their role . and it prof that you are wholly unsuitable for any position in parliament .
0	he is correct
0	well i just saw this and clicked on ben link to see who he is and he ha me blocked and i 've never heard of him before .
1	how many gun control measure did republican shoot down in the house or senate during obama ’ s term ? ( hint : it ’ s in the triple digit . ) bordering state with weak gun law ( wi & amp ; in ) make it easy for gang to get gun into illinois .
0	you just justified their not only using violence but the instigating it . what if i use a similar justification and say they hate america and wish to violate my to right . end antifa and it ideology and end people trying violate my right and destroy my country
0	lmao . and yet it ’ s called gauteng . . dude just say you are arguing for the sake of not wanting to lose . nguni land ? ahahahahahaha . do you know why vaal is called lekwa ? do you know who king tshwane is ? do you even know who thulare is ? dude i ’ m done with you .
0	keep voting for liberal and this is the future
0	# hillary once said that if # trump win , we all hang from noose . '' the deeper this go , the more we learn why # clinton freaked out when she realized # trump could win . url # conservative # tcot # unmasking # releasethememo # susanrice # fbi # deepstate # mueller ''
0	thank you greatest president of all time maga
0	he is not
1	eric u got alot of ball ...
0	are you joining antifa ?
1	. # hypocrisy to see so called conservative call out supposed sexual deviancy when just about every sexual political scandal in recent memory involves republican and it 's really # homophobia # roymoore # kavanaugh # jimjordan # markfoley # bobpackwood # clarencethomas # donaldtrump
0	especially after liberal were found buying and bribing for a no '' vote in kavanaugh . ''
0	soros ' people are really vicious and out of control . he or one of his ally probably plan and fund antifa . they are actually trying to take over the government .
0	i wa thinking 2 from antifa n 2 from the nazi '' type ideology . wont argue though . ''
1	what if i told you there 's a group in israel & amp ; in america that ha been controlling u foreign policiy for decade using spie lie & amp ; quasi blackmail scheme . would you believe me ? # maga # americafirst the url
0	you got this . whatever the problem you are strong enough to overcome it . it get easier everyday .
0	abortion ha always been available to those with the money to take care of the problem . '' a matter of conscience only seems to matter when convenient for # gotourpiece party : a conscience clearly absent when it come to gun control . ''
0	trump promotes all people . you a well . at lest they do n't have blm sign or are dressed a antifa and beating people . these are patch and i look at everyone defensively . the way cool patch wa the ! love gun and titty ! # walkaway # maga # trump
0	so is marr really a member of the labour party ? and attlee and orwell said they were conservative ? i am interested in why you think labour is conservative . however i do n't see liberal a the opposite of conservative . liberal poltics and economics are both right wing . imho : )
0	9/11 and the war on terror : israel 's history of false flag operation against the u.s.a. # falseflags and # propaganda are the zionist weapon of choice . highly effective @ getting public to back their agenda ’ s . # palestine # nwo # chosenpeople url
0	you are way to good at this
1	we dont need gun control . we need white male control ....
1	eric is a crook and that ’ s that
0	credible only to looney liberal
1	no . i mean parasite in the sense of private company being an unnecessary and universally-unwanted bauble imposed on an essential public service by people who put profit before public opinion and democracy .
0	and then to cap it off the £1.14bn figure ignores the drip down effect of those family spending their money in small and big business generating job consumption tax etc . it really hasn ’ t been thought through # hmrchumancost # 2019loancharge
0	i plan on it
1	spoiler alert : this episode ha a hidden agenda to promote gun control
0	i find them super cool i find myself pasting screen cap of them in my discord . i hope for more in the future a it make the game more interactive in the sense that my character feel more involved in what is going on around him . more please !
0	and she know because the witch wa there ? another fake/lie about the president ... if you hate america leave asap ! ! ! !
1	# treasonousgoverment california try new tack on gun violence : bullet control url
0	she did it and she is alive is greatness of hinduism . you should try it with quran if you have gut .
1	she is the daughter of her parent . all illogical hypocrite .
1	he also said he had a gatlin gun and nigga that sit on the corner like boxer between round
0	( who she is currently dating )
1	found out the name but i forgot .
1	you do realize how ridiculously radical all these tweet sound right . who are you trying to mobilize antifa ?
0	...... oh what about kyle 's since he is one of your many adoptive dad '' ''
1	bitch i saw your whole as tweet from wednesday you bitch always talking shit then back pedaling lmao just admit it
1	the judge and some other guy need to come out and say they are lover and have been since high school . that would really fuck with liberal .
0	if you are prepared to go through the necessary training and background check then you should be able to carry a concealed firearm .
1	the q is a photoshop . qanon is for real though . silly liberal trick are for kid !
0	win a 15 shot rotary polish flare launcher - rga-86 url # maga # molonlabe # nra # 2a # firearm
0	would be nice if you quoted her complete answer . she is right the constitution guarantee the right to face your accuser . but than # enemyofthepeople only care about what plea them
1	anyone concerned with mass gun killing '' should reject `` gun control '' outright a unconstitutional . especially since during the first 80 year of the twentieth century alone , “ government ” killed some 170 million people . facilitated by `` gun control ” . ''
0	: you are so extra . url
0	would you know who she is ? ?
0	# winforus antonio . we 're with you . # maga
1	you are totally disgraceful with you name calling .... disgusting
1	because the party of violent liberal antifa with their kkk hood beating up stranger they know nothing about is so great & amp ; honest . good ole keith ellison the woman beater can tell you that .
0	you are asking for evidence to prove that it wasn ’ t a double standard and then excuse it before you see the evidence . i ’ ve watched tennis for year . i already know a double standard exists . i don ’ t know how you can question it .
0	ever heard of antifa or soros ? now now that ’ s radical .
0	melbourne didnt like me can i join you instead i even have a flag # rimmy4antifa url
0	he is a piece of work !
0	a must read ! url
0	he is waiting for the stone cutter to arrive . excuse me mr. stonecutter , do you think this is my best side ? '' ''
0	oh she doe . just a chunk missing . some bone may be showing . i 'll be alright , kogasa . just ... help me get back to our home . '' that much is true . she is n't like her normal self . and she is much more aggressive . she 's just gon na kneel on kogasa for support , though . ''
1	you know what will make this professor even woker '' ? if he 's a gun control nut .... ''
1	good shit
1	wake up black american ! # maga # kavanaugh # votered # trump # trump2020 # walkaway # kag # trumptrain # 1a # sundaythoughts # hurricaneflorence # hurricaneflorence2018 # bolsonaroeleito1ºlugar # bolsonaropresidente bb # blackout # bluewave # blm # blackexcellence url
1	the perpetrator is responsible for his own action but you are ignoring that maxine water & amp ; others are inciting violence . do consider she said that they should not be able to eat , shop or do anything in peace '' ... how would one survive without being able to trade ? ''
0	thank you sm !
1	i think donald trump is a disgusting disgraceful pig . shame on him thinking that he did so much for puerto rico . he failed u . and he is a failure a a so called president . he did nothing but talk bad about puerto rican ’ s he doesn ’ t understand that pr is usa territory.jerkoff
1	a little appreciation post for my bestie because she ’ s a bad bitch and i ’ m thankful for her url
0	democrat started the kkk and antifa . sheep no more . # wwg1wga ! ! !
0	excellent timing ! url
0	there ’ s false report of an antifa professor who wa assaulted 36 ish ( she can ’ t quite recall ) year ago by an upstanding scotus nominee . you should look into that .
0	and the hit just keep on coming from the democrat . the desperation is palpable . # despicabledemocrats # factsmatter # msmedialies # maga # republicans2018 # trump2020 # bigredwave # bluepuddle # potus * * follow/like # usaguard - on twitter * * share ! url
0	be smarter- congress legislates . we need congress with better skill stack to solve . dr shiva ha incredible proposal . if u can stop long enough to learn . url
0	great connection ! ! !
0	why she is an embarrassment 2 the whole bravo viewing audience he need 2 b kicked 2 the curb quickly no man is worth my dignity
0	she ’ s a class act isn ’ t she . kim the 2nd
0	# ukip ( # scotland mep david # coburn mep just said on theresa # may is capitulating . she should have , at the start , organised leaving eu with no deal & amp ; then put her deal on the table and told eu that 's what you get or it 's no deal . '' # brexit now . ( # conservative ) ''
1	and they should face consequence .
1	this shit gon keep me in the crib lol fuck it
1	bitch i ’ m in the hood serving junky in a maybach ! ! ! !
0	: ( ( i want him to rest 4ever : ( ( ( he is such a sleepy baby : ( ( ( url
0	wow . this is really showing your lower level of reviewing of before government . this is what antifa doe -- promise antifascism but is lying to everyone by blaming capitalism a we now know it instead of the government that have perverted it .
0	# levistrauss take stand on # guncontrol # cbs # sanfrancisco url # nomorelevis # gun # nra # usa # gop # libertarian # conservative
0	you have done the needful and sincerely you are going higher a you can be trusted . you ’ ve proven that integrity is foremost . all the best pretty kemi .
1	and nigga still gon na complain about geno ffs
0	go home ha been
0	nobody care because he is getting confirmed .
0	fisa drop full server can then be released/introduced ? all horror finally exposed ? public made aware ? # darktolight house of card # qanon # greatawakening # wwg1wga # ibor # maga # mbga # wtobrexit
0	sandy hook wa used to drum up public support for stricter gun control .
0	5/5 canada ha regulated firearm since the last quarter of the 19th century . those law have probably contributed to canada having only 1 % a many handgun in circulation a in the u . url
0	you 'll prob hear me screaming
0	brain and beauty . love her show . now she is on prime time oct 15th . i get to watch the whole show . yay !
0	eric smolder ex atty genl . epitome of the labamba govt . sheister .
0	yes she is ! ! ! ! !
0	you are a great model for inspiration
0	if you think i wa referring specifically to you then you misunderstood . you attacked someone without a uterus saying they have no say on reproductive right . using that argument then if you do not own firearm you have no right to comment on gun control .
1	# dougford again using # trump-style authoritarian tactic : •discredit the medium . •repeatedly spread lie . •build a false reality for your follower . these are smart people . the conservative know what they 're doing . this is a planned strategy to weaken democracy . # onpoli url
0	how about gun control ! that might be the trick .
0	aw . he is so sweet . sharing food is significant . how rude . did they eat well ? no !
0	she is quick ! ! !
0	the hypocrisy of the # nevertrump movement exposed . we hate trump but thumb up for his vile policy and anti abortion scotus pick . why liberal claim them a our ally boggles my mind .
0	you must like the antifa style guy . you do n't know what a decent moral man look like .
0	i think this is more a way to scare brexiteer conservative into toeing the party line . brexiteers are all for the will of the people '' so long a the people agree with them . ''
1	he look like he ’ s been sucking on a lemon before he go into those hearing .
0	why do n't ask antifa how safe people feel ?
0	she is so cute
0	eric holder wa the perfect att gen for the obama administration . not an ounce of human decency in his bone .
0	i'am pretty sure for the 100th time i told you all politics to the side not my fault cale is a sexual predator and jill committed stolen valor by stealing someone else military picture saying it wa her son i could care le if they are antifa or proud boy who came and 1/2
0	actually # maga spends atleast $ 40 2 time a yr on shoe .. libnuts just put the same pair in the dishwasher every 6 month .
0	did chuck think juanita broderick credible-keith ellison ’ s girlfriend domestic abuse credible ? the truth is chuck is a sh * t stirrer for a cause . in this case- ruin a man impeccable career-embarrass his wife & amp ; daughters-all in a sleazy day work . y ? liberal destroy what dont like
1	eric holder should be in prison ! !
0	hey # michaelmoore .... have another hot fudge sunday cookie dough bacon fat pizza ..... '' # walkaway # maga
0	they would 've had the vice presidency via tim kaine 's antifa son ...
0	three soft little figure skating ballerina .
0	god help u all if she is
0	my president i elected love american citizen . you liberal have shown your true color . you are ant- american with horrible moral and lawless behavior . you cant relitigate the 2016 election . he will be re elected too . get used to it !
0	we can win the menendez seat for # maga ! there are 2.4 million registered independent republican in nj & amp ; we outnumber establishment r ’ s 2:1 ! only 2.1 million registered d ’ s in nj on november 6th in nj r is for rino ! this mid term in nj true red is i-r
0	it also mean her treacherous action will seriously offend 70 % of who voted to # leave all * four pillar * of the corrupt # eu . # chuckmay # chuckchequers # bojo4pm
1	you are out of you damn mind ! feinstinkle had this band then leaked it ! she took a lie detector test and hired a lawyer last month ! she is accusing a judge of a crime that is 35 year old with no proof ! ruining a man life over an accusation with no proof you stfu
0	looking forward to seeing what you are bringing to the market . the rum market ha needed some quality infusion for quite some time . finger crossed for a quality spiced rum .
0	crooked
0	problem is your senator marco rubio is on the nra payroll . he ’ s taken over 3 million dollar from nra and isn ’ t going to do anything about sensible gun control
0	& amp ; this is why she is the goat url
1	my auto correct gggrrr she is a * crazy witch *
1	# secondamendment i saw the dems in the kavanaugh hearing bring up common sense '' gun control , time after time . is a chicago guy . chicago ha some of the very toughest gun law in the country , yet it 's the gun violence capital of the usa . how about this dick , ++ ''
0	hope she is ok .
0	sure - but lot of folk are n't actually liberal but do want a sensible tory/labour party to vote for . they 're not well served by our political system atm
0	# mru in the medium | liberal mp cross floor to join conservative via # cdnpoli url
0	he is an angry puppet who is trying to pretend that teaching child acceptance of others and tolerance is somehow political and wrong . that 's just how hate filled he and his party are . that 's the real politicizing . not teaching kid gay people exist . party of lie .
1	( 2020 election season ) trump : my dick is the most magnificent dick . just tremendous . leftist : prove it you russian puppet ! trump : * whip dick out in fit of senility * conservative : * vote trump to victory *
0	yes she is . so why is n't she under investigation ?
1	i love woman like you . we believe all woman . excluding one woman . soon-yi is 48 year old . she is an adult . but such a reaction is very significant . it mean hypocrisy .
0	10 winning argument against gun control – libertennial url
1	now she scarred herself for life lol # maga url
0	she is not a mental health clinician of any kind much le a licensed psychologist . # fakepsychologist
1	i want to see this corrupt bitch in gitmo for her birthday url
1	are all the republiklan maga wearing traitor going to dig through their childhood toy chest just to post video of burning # ernie & amp ; # bert doll ? # ernieandbert # sesamestreet # toad # mariokart # traitortrump # traitortoad
0	destined to be another bargain bin 10 for a dollar fire starter .
0	he is a sexual being
0	this is like fuckin cool .. .. hold your horse .... freckle ... ohhhjhhh god
0	he is bluffing . he shouldn ’ t have brought it up . now trump need to insist or say it ’ s proof he is lying . trump win either way .
1	you look happy .maga
0	gun control is omportant . it should not be left to nra to regulate it . it doe not care about the life that are waisted along the path of it enrichment .
0	# mediabias with persecution of # conservative while they ignore criminality from # democrat is obscene and is the reason most people call # cnn and # msnbc # fakenews
1	at an antifa riot and screaming at white people
0	for the record i know doug jones personally and he is only a sen. bc we had no other credible choice . he won ’ t be at the next election .
0	he 's quite beautiful for what he is
1	death to jeremy corbin by any mean necessary !
0	and supporting the right to peacefully protest . supporting sensible gun control . thank you for supporting america ! ! ford : we respect the right of nfl player to protest - cnnmoney url
0	she is idk what 's going on
0	you should ko her like damigo did to that antifa girl at berkeley . then blow her a kiss a she 's going down .
0	we seem to have le shooting that you guy . apparently you need more gun control law .
0	2 say god 's name anywhere is 4 the brave heaven is 4 those who r mighty in courage weak people are political correct because they live in darkness liberal are strong in evil n dark way they like the dark if they say god 's name light shine over them they of god 's light url
0	take a stand against all violence ! talk to your antifa friend .
0	good grief . so this is how we calm antifa people ? throw chicken nugget at them ? how ridiculous are they ? i ’ d think it wa funny if it wasn ’ t rewarding bad behavior .
1	no we can ’ t be losing ab he is literally our whole offense
1	i just saw a video that you are corrupting our government and from the evidence i just saw you are going to jail ! ! ! ! # maga # thegreatawakening # qanon # youaregoingtojail # youhavebeenexposed url
0	even teen that commit _proven_ crime have their record expunged when they turn 18. someone please tell me why this is a thing ? all i see is one old california hag outing another old california hag against her expressed will . wonder how much she is being paid ?
1	manafort ha been on k street for a long time . he know thing . deep dark thing . i agree . he is gon na burn some folk . mueller already know who he want . manafort is gon na give them up .
0	# beaboutit anyone in california see how utterly defenseless their gun control agenda make people ? bravery backed by effective tool prevents loss of life . good on this guy ! be willing to win at any cost !
0	you are right
1	still spewing your lie ..... you are not good enuf to lick our president 's boot strap ... what about the death in chicago ... u r a liar and a manipulator ... go vack to indonesia barry
0	not so much , it 's just me alone with myself . the whole you are your worst enemy '' type deal ''
0	i will be over there to visit her tomorrow ! ! she is awesome ! !
0	look like gun control '' work in chicago ``
0	beto-male
0	he is so confused . one of the liberal running loose beaware url
0	oh she is doing that all by herself
0	this is insane it 's leftist liberal democrat media.propaganda .you all know it because there scared that he 'll end abortion.not true.women have the right to get and abortion.because it 's there body explain to me why is it illegal for her to sell her body to feed her child ?
0	you better pray hard because i will come in with him being guilty and he better prove he is innocent and if it 's a child he can wrap it up prison is his destiny . woman can lie but 1 in a million lie about sexual assault and rape
0	soo sweet ! ! eliza you are amazing you opened her up she is too cute and eliza your a beautiful soul
1	no maybe cause you are a hateful buttmunch . we reap what we sew
0	that 's the plan for next summer actually . we need it for shade and i wa thinking that could be a fun side project .
1	is no one considering the fact that russia might be using antifa to spread black propaganda ? ? ? remember the berlin wall ? ? ?
0	19. probably john adam . i 'd love a chance to talk to a founding father and ask them about gun control .
0	and republican wanted moderate when obama wa president and we go the way liberal kagan and sotomayer
1	occupy wall street ..... where woman got raped
0	always remember that you are a rockstar .
1	what an empty soul you have .
0	he is on the maintenance screen
1	... wondering what shit on our east coast causing god to send florence to punish them ... ? a good guess would be the neo-faux christian follower of trump .. !
0	come up with realistic gun control instead of thing like this . it will never pas in america .
1	bye bye flake you flake ! don ’ t let the senate door hit you in the behind on your way out .
0	why are people exressing 'shock ' at what a majority government doe when in government ? this is a fact of life . i.e : check out what the liberal both previously provincially and currently federally did and do . hello .
1	beto or whomever move and support immigrantsilegals into your home
0	you are the second person in 2 minute to tell me that . apparently i ’ m sitting on a smelly cat-sized fortune !
0	2/ # maximebernier supporter not conservative enough . we need to move to the right ! ! ! but max say room for the ndp but not conservative . i don ’ t understand why thoughtful conservative aren ’ t calling out this hypocrisy . i keep getting this meme it ’ s a fraud . url
0	here is the thing i ain ’ t disputing that a a nation we have problem and never have i. however to say someone is likely to die earlier in botswana than anywhere in the world is a reach . that ’ s where i felt you are just exaggerating .
1	still shoveling shit '' for trump ? .... what kind of woman support a liar , racist , pussy grabber ? .... that 's what kind of woman you are . ''
0	idk can we ?
1	he 's just mad because of the po that he is could n't do crap except divide this country .
0	awh thanks babe . i ’ m just really upset that depression is taking over everyone i know and love . and people i admire . rip mac miller i don ’ t want anyone to ever think that they are alone in their fight !
0	most american find any of this hard to believe ... 30 plus yr later . another justice thomas hit job by the medium and liberal ?
0	isn ’ t it what liberal want ? now they are cry with the consequences- on a budget money come out of some other program .. liberal just print more money
0	remind me again why exactly there 's a lingerie store next to a krav maga dojo
0	you are an angel
0	.. ya commie pinko ... # maga url
0	she is the absolute worst ! # elizabethholmes # theranos # 60minutes so happy # cm shut this fraud down !
1	who in the hell doe she think she is ? acussed doesn ’ t mean guilty ! a woman accused a man . that man # judgekavanaugh ha a voice and ha a right to clear his name ! “ she ” need to # zipit
0	do n't you offer mental health coverage for your reporter ! ?
0	attention ! is publicizing a list of antifa target comprised of trump supporter . some are high profile name , but many are everyday trump supporter . please report him to twitter . they still have not suspended his account . check out his list '' . ''
1	this just prof that liberal have no shame whatsoever . he ’ s a deceiver and a proven liar . ha the nerve to speak of “ casting a shadow . ”
1	fairness ? ? what about being fair to the democratic process of this republic ? ? ? all this is a sham to delay the vote . shameful . # drainthedeepstate # drainthedeepstateswamp # maga
0	# conservative left # frustrated a # congress pass big spending bill ... # tcot url
0	gupta . you are a dreamer . 7 year can not be compared to a telephone call that lasted for 35 minute . i didnt want you to testify in the state capture inquiry . you are moving according to our plan now . remember 7 year of planning and calculating all the dot .
0	is behind this . she is eating up profit . they must have their h1b !
0	or buy a gun & amp ; open carry to exert coercive control over an entire town . the open carry demonstrator who eventually stalked me absolutely had this dynamic . i wrote about it for url
0	liberal always find a new low to achieve
1	carter wa the worst one term president until h wa passed for that title by oba our first black racist president ! kinda like a black jefferson davis !
1	guess who is really perpetuating all this garbage ? ? liberal
0	a a liberal , i 've long been insulted when leftist call themselves liberal . '' ''
1	a hypocritical stance .
0	billy you have a short memory . obama tried to get in commonsense gun control is especially after sandyhook . the parent even came in and begged congress to do something about automatic weapon . but the nra had such a hold on congress democrat and repugs nothing wa done
0	misplaced anger doe n't make the lie about taking a knee true . sorry for her loss but she is wrong ... wrong ... wrong
0	when exactly did you adopt malam ? you have a catalog of article a plain old bolaji & amp ; became malam because of politics & amp ; you are pleading fact here . please
0	guess he is good enough at math to turn 1 million dollar that his father loaned him into a multibillion dollar empire ...
0	liberal believe in the constitution . it 's just ultra leftist that do n't
0	i accept your apology and you are excused
0	cnn & amp ; others involved in conspiracy theory '' & amp ; propaganda while they protect ( antifa ? ) . so i guess the 2013 bill & amp ; 2016 bill for propaganda doe protect `` state medium '' ? ? ? url
1	these coward ai n't ready .. # maga
0	scary movie are terrible , i get jumpy and end up cry when something pop up . '' she did n't mind going out , if that is what he want to do she is completely okay with it . maybe a night out would be good for them . `` i am a pro ice cream eater . i used to eat it daily . '' ''
1	yeah . he ’ s very immature & amp ; can dish out criticism while cry and blocking instead of accepting any . it ’ s cool . folk can see him for who he is mostly .
1	dear andrew i saw the endorsement by cory booker the both of you are made for each other secondly you 're view are so far left since you and cory both hate the president secondly you 're a moron running against rick scott i hope get beat so bad
0	you are right . we need to choose . trudeau is a punk . trump is n't worried about him . we a a country need to decide if we want individual liberty more than an overbearing centralized government telling u how to live and wasting all out money on bureaucracy . like obamacare .
1	only the arm ? he really suck at gun control .
1	hey bono- why not turn your dublin hotel over to refugee ? asshole !
0	a true as statement right here
0	here 's the problem ... if you go back to fast and furious you have proof that the atf wa looking to influence gun control in the u . it may be preposterous that the government would fake sandy hook is n't facilitating a drug war somewhat similar ?
1	so , i tuned into the emmy last night , i watched for a whole 5 second before some celebrity , i had never heard of , started talking about their platform . '' click . liberal ruin everything . ''
0	that 's a strange question to ask me because of course i love my sister ! ! i 'm her big brother ! i 'm there to make sure she is safe and alive !
0	5 slain in southern california shooting ; gunman kill self ( from another mass shooting . when will we learn that it ’ s past time to do something about gun control ? url
1	yes bitch
1	i really think he is mentally ill. why doe his family not address the issue ? maybe jared did with the op-ed ?
0	low t and the poontang clan aka fucking donald trump # trump # maga # art # comicart url
1	lem me rap on that shit . i 'll do a video floatin downstream in a coffin like in horrorland lol
0	even antifa are mocking him now
1	except he is . his administration ha allowed crime in the city to skyrocket . you bloody leftist snake .
0	aaaah thank u sm
0	and i ’ ll assume you are anti-jujubes ?
0	it sound like you are describing the trump
0	follow the money
0	so is a bjp leaning intellectual '' but so called liberal are not congress leaning `` intellectual '' and you are definitely not congress karyakarta .... ''
1	you ’ re yesterday ’ s # fakenews trying to make a comeback at the desperation and obstruction of do nothing # liberal & amp ; # democrat . who care what happened when you were a minor in high school . you ’ re not the victim here . just another metoo sexual misconduct baiter and switcher .
0	contribute to their maximum capacity '' - translation : `` vote for guy with a criminal record like me who occasionally wear dress and support those who disrespect the sacrifice represented by the flag '' ''
0	this is rei from evangelion concept/design by
0	omg i am so sorry u have to go through that but once she is out it would be worth it i love u austin and ell and let not forget about the new baby you guy are such good people so keep doing what you do best and keep inspiring me and the other ace family member i love u guy
1	just because he is the elected president `` , doesnt mean he ha earned it . when he start serving the people of his country , then by all mean ..... it shall be well desrerved . when you serve tho who you have hiding in your pocket , give me a break . you can keep your commander . ''
1	over 30 year worth of background check under different president and this one slipped through ? # kavanaughconfirmation # kavanaughwithdraw # kavanaughscotus # maga
0	hollywood # emmyawards = anti-first amendment ( antifa ) . they ’ ll obviously shut you down if you ’ re not part of their cult .
0	he is like a cheap plastic version of a real president .
1	it 's not safe anyway because he is a liar ! you can never get to the bottom of a liar !
1	i ’ m sure the air that he is breathing is also bad .
0	that 's right he is well said .
0	he is by definition an antagonist in certain canon , but by no mean an objective villain overall . frankly , they put effort in the franchise to make players/viewers sympathize with the character , even when he wa the bad guy . '' so , , , arguable either way i guess ''
0	yes she is ...
0	assuming that he made the statement : antifa is not an organization with a spokesperson . it is a diverse group . bray can not justly claim that he represents antic . i ask again : who is antifa in your opinion ? how are they organized ? do they reckognize bray a their spokesperson ?
1	bad gun control seems like . missed his brain .... bummer !
1	why ... it 's their trail of corruption ... and they have so much of it going on , and at all time , they do n't want any slip '' ... do n't want american people to know who they really are and what they 've been up to ... # maga url
0	56 million defenseless people were rounded up and exterminated in the 20th century because of gun control .
1	sorry to break it to you but the god of the bible is actually just a lesser god from the ancient sumerian and babylonian religion . the bible itself is n't unique in it 's claim nor is it unique in it 's inability to substantiate said claim . try again .
0	i think we have to confer with messiah . i think only she is powerful enough to turn this tide . she did empower him to win the last two major .
0	can i pick which one ? url
1	shame on them willing to ruin good man over a 36-year-old groping accusation she ca n't prove . they 're rabid liberal who do n't want a supreme court justice who will follow the constitution . it 's all about politics . shame .
0	funny how 50s-70s were n't all that great '' for black ppl , poc , woman ... maga want to pretend there wa this magical time , read all white & amp ; men `` ruled '' . irony is it wasnt even great for a lot of them if they werent rich . that whole draft into war thing for one . ''
0	george constanza once famously said , if you believe it to be true , it 's not a lie jerry '' ..... in this situation you could have someone believe that they are the hero by stopping a conservative appointment . that 's how the liberal justify everything bad they do including violence ''
1	i teach my grown son there winner and loser ... see serena temper tantrum she is a democrat ... lol
0	liberal crack me up . don ’ t these people have job ? lol .
1	the democrat are so desperate all those ppl threatening sen collins are from ca . they will do anything to delay or halt confirmation and re-election is on the line she is desperate . the ppl & amp ; gop are quite aware of what is going on .
0	can you let him know ?
0	he is a lord now
0	i get that she is a winner but she cross the line in what is acceptable .
1	most mass shooter are liberal white men . we should have liberal control not gun control .
1	whereas you are almost a year late in trying to demonstrate you give a toss about woman ’ s right + need under the law . you are a disgrace + an embarrassment to # keele + the legal profession alex . prioritising the right of sexual predator over their victim damage u & gt ; url
0	lyin # brettkavanaugh & amp ; his sexual assault accuser professor # christineblaseyford are willing to testify before senate committee . # stopkanavaugh # liesunderoath # savescotus # corruptgop # maga # nomanisabovethelaw # trumpisguilty # voteblue # voteblue2018 via url
0	devout member of antifa though i 'm sure .
1	also trump is a fascist- literally . the central govt thing for anyone always seems to depend upon who 's running it . magas are fine with fascist trump and liberal were fine with obama . my idea about good government are a bit different . of course i did admit to being a quaker .
0	he is so generous with his offer .
1	she worked for before he fired her for her comment on the view . she is inconsistent all over the damn place .
1	he ’ s a cocky sob who need to be brought down to his knee
0	you are not alone
0	it ’ s funny . you ’ re claiming gun control will help the u yet you ’ re apparently on the south side which ha been deemed “ chiraq ” lol ... chicago ha the strictest gun law yet the highest gun violence .
0	6 for his last 30 with 12 k 's and he is catcher that ca n't catch !
1	damn is she ugly ! ! ! !
1	oh shit uhhh what ao3 fic is this
0	you are worthy url
0	you are the poster child for marrying up .
0	is this nigga really back to dying his hair 2445times in one comeback
1	i do n't agree with you . but if you want to see a real damsel in distress play the fucking marry jane mission . they are soooo boring . she 's so stupid . url
0	fake news spewing lie again ! patriot voter do not approve of kaepernick and his socialist nike ad ! !
1	why is this crook walking free ?
1	he is the worst person .
1	fuck
1	holy shit i love her ? ? ?
0	meanwhile the # metoo movement happened because of the way liberal treated woman
1	exactly so shut up
1	stop this b . a woman murdered him in his own home ! this is so incredibly irresponsible and i am outraged that you are blaming the victim who is a black man . what doe him having weed have anything to do with his murder in his own home ?
0	at this point it ’ s just a money grab ... they ’ re not even trying to hide it now
0	childess
0	traditionalist and fuddy-duddy conservative form a convenient horseshoe with feminist when it come to a lot of woman 's issue . their reason are grounded in chivalry and sex difference rather than equality but the result look very similar .
1	climate change is a myth . gun control is unconstitutional . gestapo ? '' what a stupid thing to say . they are upholding law that have been on the book since 1996. dumbass ''
0	my sister is in g ’ ville . say she is going to text you
1	probably say fuck it an do just that
1	yes you are . you ’ re just too blind to realize it
0	he need to speak to someone about all that anger he is harboring ! ! cause that should not have made him explode like that . he ha some underlying issue . lordt
1	ouch . she is horrible .
0	the astronaut used it ! it mean a-ok ! bho is photographed making the sign . it mean all is okay ! it wa a joke to see if the libs would bite ! boy did they ! now get the video back up ! and apologize ! the liberal are insane . liberalism is a mental disorder !
0	i 'll be worried the day conservative support trudeau . quelled surprise they do n't like the way he 's handling something .
0	intruder alarm went off in my house this morning but i have a powerful weapon that this guy want to take away from me leaving me defenseless . it 's called gun control aka ban the gun .
0	1. trump and the mueller investigation 2. climate change 3. gun and gun control 4. union and worker # savescotus # whatsatstake url
1	awww cupcake suck it up . she lost get over it
1	fuck rus 110 %
1	she is doing a crap job of running this country and that idiot can ’ t supply the country with an alternative opposition a long a he is running the labour party
1	right . shoot the messenger . '' do n't go after the homosexual rot in the clergy , bergoglio , go after the man - archbishop vigano - who exposed the homosexual rot in the clergy . satan must be having a really good laugh over that one . ''
1	i know they be fired up thinking u got a hammer n your pant from how u walk n find out u got a coochie lol
1	where were these moron when the groper trudeau and his lying liberal stomped all over our charter with their value test ? where wa holt renfrew ’ s favourite shopper horwath ? premier ford is trying to save taxpayer money ! maybe that ’ s what bug horwath ? ?
0	unfortunately that it the liberal agenda
1	you are so full of shit . a . ) violent crime is down & amp ; ha been on the decline for decade b . ) where gun crime is a problem , it is a state & amp ; local problem & amp ; no so called common sense '' gun control law passed at the federal level will fix it . you are clueless about this problem . ''
0	didn ’ t watch and don ’ t care . # maga
1	it also go to show that all those so called news people that laughed at you are now eating crow . how wonderful it is to watch the looney liberal squirm around like worm drowning in sunshine .
0	yeah that 's why antifa dress like isi
0	these woman knew the knuckledraggers they were marrying and voting for . i have no sympathy for them . they should burn in hell for what they ’ re doing to their daughter and granddaughter . they ’ re the innocent here- not woman stuffing gun down their yoga pant and yelling maga
0	it a hail mary pas to show her constituent that she is fighting so that she can get reelected . i think this will backfire against democrat . i hope you all watched justice ginsburg & amp ; thomas one c-span saying that this nomination is a ridiculous display against a qualified man
1	is paid to attack the credibility of anyone who criticizes or accuses trump of wrong doing . he is a paid political hitman disguised a a journalist . he is a hack !
1	actually it seems more specific than that . it appears the cbc is saying opposing gun control is the same a covering up child molestation in the catholic church . wtf ? ?
0	add who is behind antifa and who organized and paid protestors at kavanaugh hearing ! url
0	1/ [ l ] iberals and conservative are on average no more or le narcissistic compared to each other . but the two political orientation are associated with different facet of # narcissism . '' url
0	yes i do ! a lot of u that support stricter gun control are absolutely opposed to having all gun banned . i myself am a responsible gun owner who is capable of * also * recognizing that we do not need civilian ownership these other gun . compromise clearly isn ’ t your strong suit .
0	i loathe
0	just want you to look at her face the bright enthusiastic happy person she is !
0	because liberal hate america and cant stand the thought of a successful country
0	there are more job available than people to fill them '' . said by you , never . # youfailed # trump2020 # maga # makeamericangreatagain # opportunityknocks ''
0	hispanic flourishing in trump economy # maga url
1	fuck you ! ! if you don ’ t start working an a man of steel sequel soon the whole dceu will irreversibly go to shit
0	# emmy host on monday night take shot at # trump and # conservative - # maga # boycotthollywood url
0	why ? don ’ t get it ? must be all the liberal that left california for texas for job . they are trying to make texas like california . poor native
0	they know this is not admissible so they are attempting to contaminate the jury . they are working overtime to ensure she is found not guilty ...
0	doomentio
0	she is more influential so many japanese and british act are influenced by her ? why do so many foreign act work with her producer ? why doe she have touring record in europe and japan ? why did she win the legend award at the wmas
0	one day you are gon na be an expert mate
1	leftist collusion prescreening party
1	# wednesdaywisdom obama appointed liberal judge tired of looking stupid smack california law down on gun control # 2a url
1	//anime is a gag series . the manga is bloody a fuck .
0	who ’ s the victim ? that remains to be seen . liberal have turned kavanaughs hearing into a circus from the first minute it started .
0	mueller will be fired after we win the mid term
1	& lt ; god 's chosen leader '' my as ! fuck christian conservative ! ! ! & gt ; baptist pastor brian kaylor claim sarah huckabee sander lie to defend “ god ’ s chosen leader ” url
0	i think you are overlooking the fact the democrat had both house of congress and the presidency and did nothing . but gun control would work a well a the war on drug ha .
0	i have never skyped with wa before if you are interested in skyping with ct ! message me !
0	he is
1	disclaimer : my view do not necessarily reflect the view of our potus & amp ; all conservative : lady charged by nature to guard vagina . url
0	link me and knuckle then or you going to dodge like the creddy you are
0	then talk to your oresident . he 's the one taking the money .
0	( you are ! my prayer is that you are blessed with someone you know like that also . someone who feel your basic human right are worth protecting . especially your god given right to personal privacy . )
0	it appears you edited out a portion of antifa talk from the latest episode and i ’ d like to file a formal complaint .
0	you are wrong . time for you to shut your mouth . you remember when you sent me these tweet ? now you know why you are getting tweet in return
0	and if the resistance '' win : permanent k-college indoctrination and censorship ; likewise social medium , h'wood and msm ; open-season ' on trumpists by antifa-types . exponential growth of dsa ( which we 're only now hearing about ) in gov't . and evisceration of bor , esp . 1a and 2a ''
1	and this butt fur think he is a know it all
1	tbere are n't hardly any conservative left in california . perhaps the threat are just unintelligible robo call by antifa comrade jacked up on starbucks and lucky charm .
1	antifa otherwise known a nazi brownshirt '' i never thought of that comparison before , lol . it 's ironic that they 're the one 's that call everyone else a 'nazi ' for disagreeing with anything they say , lol . ''
1	i had a man tell me their body count wa 40+ but refused to be with a woman who had more than 5. what the fuck .
0	she isn ’ t believed because of the lack of evidence she is presenting 3 decade after the fact . her being a woman ha nothing to do with it
1	i ` m with you jr.she is nothing.don ` t waste your time on human waste !
1	what the fuck
0	i thought the red hat wa a maga hat until i saw the maple leaf .
0	and what can he suggest to remove himself ?
1	18 usc sec . 2383 et al . time to press federal criminal charge on eric holder and the other swamp scum . url
1	i believe he asked people 2 vote out aishwarya bcos she is mentally unstable n ha mood swing
1	actually my ancestor were here long before anyone got here even your french as ! native american were here first . so get your fact straight ! so if you wan na throw punch make sure you know who and where you are throwing them first .
0	you know dan i used to think you were a pretty competent newsman now i can clearly see you are nothing more then a paid whore who sell himself and his once stellar reputation . trying to be relevant again ? url
0	i love the 'so far to the left that they place themselves in opposition to the left ' people . it 's a bit like the far right who hate conservative and israel .
1	he is most impressive at corruption and lie .
1	we don ’ t support gun control in texas . so long beto !
0	is the blind man a fash that antifa need to thrash ? beating up blind guy is over the top !
0	do you have any film of antifa ?
0	he is on borrowed time .
1	could you kiss his as more ? you are a complete disgrace a a senator # votehimout # voteblue # votethemout # blackmail url
1	david birnbaum : : : :the invisible man…except at election time . exactly what is worst about the liberals…arrogance & amp ; complacency . did i mention arrogance & amp ; contempt for the elector ?
1	fuck em all . complete moron
1	all this is b . ford is lying ! ! this ha everything to do with delaying the vote ... # maga # confirmkavanaughnow # potus url
0	hey taravat are you interested to meet with an immigration lawyer please let me know he will help you out to get your citizenship to get your canadien citizenshop he is one of the best of the best lawyer ever ....
1	good for you .. he is bit miss guided for me to follow a the guy to me seems more like an idiot & amp ; a crock but if you think that he is perfect even though there is multiple investigation against him whom am i to disagree . i 'm still looking for a better role model for america cya
0	lol liberal do the same thing ?
1	don ’ t care . let them ( nfl ) die on the field kneeling
1	and this coming from the sick puppy liberal at the beast .
0	nothing but an ad for gun control ! we gon na keep our 2nd amendment right fred !
0	yes he is
0	please provide link to huge budget deficit '' ? .. while you are looking .. tell u why harper deficit were good but you take issue with pmjt lower deficit .. take your time .. no hurry .. ''
0	what did u just notice that he is not actually a good speaker just a good reader
0	# sesamestreet ’ s # bert and # ernie came out of the # closet today . spox say they ’ re a loving # couple . # conservative incensed . rush out to buy bert and ernie doll to burn along with their newly purchased # nike fashion . # gay # lgbtq # lgbtqtwitter # bluewave url url
1	ikr ? riding trainer ? have fun running to lower rear backwoodsistan fucker !
0	oh dear . conservative will implode over this .
0	cheer matey
0	did the view just exposed crooked hillary through omarosa ?
0	you are a definite follow ! o-h
1	are you saying he is a turkey chocker
0	look like the joke on liberal again . # forttrump # poland # boomingeconomy url
0	stop lying ahole ! fbi isnt involved cause there nothingburger to investigate . it all liberal charade to delay .. kavanaugh will b confirmed # ginsbergisnext
0	100 % follow back conservative must stand united ! # trump45 # maga2kag url
0	the blatant abuse of the # metoo is really disturbing . no good reason to automatically place a guilty '' stamp on someone over unfounded allegation . most importantly- it unfairly strip credibility from the woman who actually suffered and demand real justice . bullshit . # maga ''
0	bit thanks for your concern ... he is a competitor that want the world a his oyster ... want to play and try a many sport a possible ...
1	money better spent on american mental health or gun control sandy hook vega concert theater shooting church in sunny spring
1	she ’ s confused after all she is only a poor struggling socialist
1	i see his tweet . but it ’ s just another garbage tweet from the liberal . contributed nothing except to add more confirmation that the liberal are out of talking point & amp ; aren ’ t to be believed .
1	he trashed himself it wa ugly ....... didn ’ t hurt trump .
0	... ammunition is in many state easier to buy than cold medicine ... ' california try new tack on gun violence : bullet control url
0	he is romanian ?
0	indie : ( noun ) a place where people a talented a you are working just a hard a you to get to the spot you 're at . opportunity doe n't knock for everybody .
0	she is better than everyone at everything because she is a literal angel who can do no wrong
0	jen doesn ’ t wear pearl . and what she is ‘ clutching ’ is justice and righteousness and the hope that we all can do better and be more than we are in these horrific moment .
0	so called liberal '' . ''
0	you 100 % believe ab would be the player he is today without big ben ?
0	5 reason gun control in the united state is a lost cause url url
0	she is very beautiful
0	please call the vote . we # conservative also vote in november .
0	preach it ! god 's people deserve better ! url
1	he is delirious !
1	this shit is staged . dude didn ’ t even hit him url
0	# qanon # maga q drop 2236 url url
0	i 'd still take this guy over a commie or antifa .
0	no longer on guard , marie smile warmly . merci . i love when i am compared to my father . i look up to him in many way . '' she look down for a moment and then back up . `` he is also my sire . unless you already figured that out . '' she laugh softly . marie beam at the question . + ''
1	if we do n't destroy the bush-clinton crime family we 'll face many more like obama ! !
0	i am sorry to hear this chris . you are a big part of the wp family . i admire your fight and strength a you battle this disease . i have no word to express how sorry i am you are dealing with al . i truly hope a cure can be found one day .
1	free speech is alive but not so well since all social medium platform are run with a strict dictatorship of opinion by libtards .
0	well you are dumped
1	josh i am not fucking a loli robot
0	the principaled conservative '' have left the building . ''
0	. my cfb 10 # tbt at 9pm and you are scheduled with me tonight ! check in ! url
0	many product hit the shelf in the u first . canada is not that big of a economy . in fact it is 10th in the world for all you liberal thinking that somehow we could strong arm the usa .
0	cry a river trump won
0	# metoo is the best weapon the liberal have because there is no due process .. it all disgusting ... and woman are the one using it a the weapon .. shameful and typical liberalism .. use emotion for their own benefit ... poster child for using woman
1	she is not an anti trump . she ’ s a racist race baiter who is no better than alex jones and other crazy
0	go home and sleep johny .
1	haha you liberal are so desperate it ’ s hilarious . trying at all end to set him up . this b last minute stalling tactic about the alleged h incident and the bait of email that were sent to him . and people wonder how trump won ? because they ’ re tired of democrat and their crap .
1	and we pro american are embarrassed and sick of you anti america liberal . there are plenty of country with the left ideology already in place . move there .
1	chicago ha strict gun control law but the highest gun violence rate detroit wa owened by union and is now bankrupt cali ha the second highest welfare rate and is now the homeless capital of the developed world .
0	i banned him personally a long time ago . but it isn ’ t breaking the law when i do it .
0	these are policy issue where actual data applies . obviously you are not familiar with the massive health care crisis that existed before it wa legal . look into the uncontroversial ( 7-2 ) roe decision and the scotus statement regarding what made it so .
0	hello i ate soup and now i 'm very tired but i love you
1	of course not she is young and dumb . if she really had a brain she would n't believe in socialism
1	did n't me too woman molest a young boy . and the next day they were forgiving her . hypocrisy thrives in celebrity circle .
0	if you wonna get paid ... pick up the energy people ! ! ! ! scream and shout like you ’ re at the # kavanaugh hearing ! url
0	a woman in hatteras told me last night i do n't know what i 'm talking about when i told her to get off the island . i hope she is alive afterward .
1	oh shit the mafia have finally found me
0	4 dead in mass shooting at fifth third bank building in downtown cincinnati | time - time url via want gun control legislation ? vote blue
0	aside from the whole meat is murder '' nonsense , coastal liberal claim the smoke give you cancer . austin tried to ban it in 2015 but it got knocked down . url
0	that 's because there are very few conservative in congress . they only run a conservative . they govern a liberal .
0	lmfaooo imagineee but even if i did i wouldn ’ t say shit co this fandom would go on fire
1	agreed . i have better idea : abc—let antifa beat her to death at a pro-trump free speech rally . 1/
1	shit like this is why i do n't follow who me ? i 'm just stating basic fact . totally not diverting from the actual point . just stating a fact . '' you 're a phony ''
0	got you
0	this make me proud to be a resident of the city of atlanta ! good to see place in georgia still have character and integrity to do what 's right and just amidst a state who can never seem to get that part together .
0	wow ! you guy just beat a dead horse do n't you ? you do n't look at what good the nra ha done at all because of the failure of broward right ? or is it antifa that you fancy ?
1	hope they continue to crash
0	it seems that hold the whip hand when it come to governing the and brexit .
0	neither do conservative with may at the helm
1	what a joke ! she is a gem alright ! ! she is a racist phony ! right along with this racist phony . that think she will follow me from her second account . and block me . because i speak the truth . i could care le about follower 's . like it 's a big party . i care that they discriminate url
1	but there is also many video of antifa attacking disabled and old people if you want to see them victor ( spoiler on disabled attack three on one antifa to disabled vet )
0	what is happening i 'm lost url
0	why did feinstein give grieving parkland gun control nut parent guttenburg a full pas to get to kavanaugh ? it threw the body guard into full protection mode . guttenburg hate trump and kavanaugh and threatened on his site and blame them for his daughter death .
1	the bigger problem is liberal gun control nut that want open border to try and ‘ cleanse ’ a society from established culture . then create a ruling class or a communist structure that ha been proven to fail . england is now a muslim breeding ground . shameful
0	# goodread : a brief history of repressive regime and their gun law . with the wrong political actor in power , yesterday 's 'common-sense ' gun control could be tomorrow 's vehicle for gun confiscation . '' if we lose # 2a , we surrender our freedom—period . url
0	that 's heartbreaking to read . keep being the best you . there are many that will see you in a wow . look at what he is doing '' and light up with pride . head high . one foot in front of the other . ''
0	you ’ re a bye week
0	because to liberal being a white mail is disqualifying . it ’ s attempt to muzzle gop on sjc . graham ( allegedly a gay white male ) should take point if he ha it in him . might save him a primary figjt
0	i think she is trying to repair her image so she will be friendly to everyone . i hope they can all be friend . she need to respect fessy and tyler 's boundary though now that their are dating other people .
0	everyone there know that during any negotiation the first thing u do is send pallet of cash .
1	he is a disgusting anti traitor !
0	. think he is a funny man . but “ think ” is the key word ... because he isn ’ t that funny . # allinonlonnieisntfunny # marchonfromwalker
0	ahh my ear hurt from listening in the earphone .. still his voice wa sexy
1	trump is done . you are a anti-ameican pro-trump azz ! !
1	when robyn post a selfie the world stop for a moment to appreciate it
0	democrat always give people reason to vote . what other party care more about minority or woman & amp ; child ? what party is fighting for healthcare ? which party is reasonable on gun control or immigration ?
0	# spanish # unjustice vs. # freedomofexpression and # humanrights # spain is a # fakedemocracy # cddr # shameonspain url
0	only liberal sexuality child ’ s puppet . # tuesdaythoughts
0	before this scumbag considers running for president i want him to publicly swear under oath that when he wa in school he never tried to cop a feel a these liberal like to show themselves a pure a the driven snow .
0	i 'm so sorry for your loss and for everyone blaming you yet it wa out of your control . you are still an amazing person keep your head up .
0	good game man
0	i think she is cuffed and shackled .
0	“ ruth bader ginsburg came out saying she wa groped by abraham lincoln. ” # tcot # maga # rednationrising url
1	she is a blind fool make america great again america first american understand the difference we the people voted for donald j trump the ex obama policy wa a complete failure let 's seat back and enjoy the show starting barack obama
1	she is a fake . vote her out . now she want sympathy .
0	ha this tropic update for u now ... but she 'll have the very latest detail on # florence with the new 11 p.m. advisory . be sure to join u tonight at 11 for news . # nbcct url
0	now finish your juice box and get out your nap mat ... url
0	never going to get used to people vilvilifying teacher .
0	i hope you are right
0	fiona hill .
1	whoaaa that 's amazing i wan na see her now also you are a kinky lil slut but ily
1	a bitch just be minding her business
0	the idea that capitalist like competition is a joke . capitalist like nothing more than a government-sanctioned monopoly on an essential public service ; if they did n't then they 'd spend le time lobbying the british government .
0	a new bill aim to send masked antifa activist to jail for 15 year url
0	you are also the king of taste
0	# wcw because look at how beautiful she is ! ! ! ! ! ! i wish i had this beauty tho but i am just in love with my baby sister url
0	cory booker and the democratic party of kkk 's robert byrd # pjnet # maga # trumptrain # trumptrain2020 # corybooker # maga # kag # keepamericagreat # presidenttrump url url tw352
1	# geraniuminthecranium . please also dredge up some of her ridiculous “ gun control ” bill that were shot down . url
0	maybe your underlying theory is wrong . there are a number of way in which the nomination support maga . some of which trump ha hinted at .
1	snowflake are liberal
0	try looking for plain old democrat . the liberal are the one which you can ’ t have a conversation with .
0	and they will know she is the lord
0	you go girl ! god bless you and all the survivor and for getting young people out there to vote for common sense gun control
0	# icymi this desperate attempt by conservative to install # kavanaugh while rest of the nation say # kavanope . url
1	carrey should be shut up for good
0	this actually support gun control . he ’ s alive .
0	course it ha son
0	* she is currently helping a customer out on a potion to help with mane loss . * (
0	your logo look an awful lot like the antifa flag and communist flag . coincidence much ?
0	i never call you an american ! # maga
0	conservative apparently wo n't do anything because the only thing out of your mouth is word saying what you will do without explaining how you will do it . that 's ok. we had a decade of harper showing u the how . you obviously know what canada thought of him after his majority .
1	# trumpwashing and u liberal ' historical amnesia are the real definition of trump derangement syndrome ... url
0	yes because we simply must be politically . heaven forbid we do n't give the liberal their due justice .
1	haha trump is still winning . it ’ s fun to watch the liberal literally go insane . url
0	he is over with the bola crowd according to the reaction he got from the first night of bola .
1	i loved her since victorious . she wa my first girl crush but when i first heard the way i became a hardcore stan .
0	a few comic i never met i really want to meet now and he is one of them ha
0	this crossing prof very little . it only go to show many are disgruntled with the lack of leadership of .. but understand mr. scheer there are many conservative disgruntled with your lack of vision and leadership . hence # cdnpoli
1	dubious mortgage ? lol you mean the ninja loan for subprime borrower that bank were forced to provide by democrat and liberal citing that not providing them wa racist and discriminating just because people do n't have a job . cmos were a derivative of the subprime problem
1	it seems that the more often these type of event occur the more the gun control and safety debate heat up . i believe eventually state legislature will pas law providing school with better protection but it is sad that these event have to occur in order to push the agenda .
1	hunnid stax my shit
0	they got out the info they wanted out there . it no co-incidence that # tory shamifesto # ge2010 said woman spa would start rising slowly from 2020. they did not want u to know they even discussed not telling u in hoc to this day they refuse to engage # 1950sbornwomen # onevoice
1	. live westminster '' utter bulshit conservative cear nothing of the people living in social housing just look # grenfell & amp ; it 's tenant need say no more merit speak louder than word & amp ; tory word are empty promise ! ''
0	describing myself in 3 fictional character : 1 ) o-ren ishii 2 ) princess aura 3 ) laura palmer tagging 5 friend :
0	lol at peaceful protest . should i give you the full list ? over 500 incident antifa attacked trump supporter and none of trump supporter attack hillary supporter .
1	. molested me 35 yr ago when i wa 11yrs old . i did n't want to say it till now . she should thrown in jail . according to # liberal & amp ; # metoo you have to accept my allegation blindly . there i said it # confirmjudgekavanaughnow # senatorfeinstein # democratshateamerica url
0	i have to believe this is a code for signaling pedos & amp ; rapist world wide to do the antifa peaceful protest .
1	what about trump promise on the border wall or do we pay for his lie what about gun control and innocent life taken
0	breaking : radical antifa footage . url
1	i think it is a safe bet that donald is clueless on everything because he is ignorant & amp ; lie so much . ivanka know everything & amp ; will flip on all of them to save her treasonous as .
0	gun control ha no correlation to homicide rate . london ( gun are illegal ) ha a higher murder rate than new york ( gun are legal ) . read this : url
0	commissar say you have his blessing .
0	law not just for conservative or an unpopular group with the medium . woman have long failed other woman and the me too is no more sincere than the feminist movement wa about bill clinton or ted kennedy .
0	that ’ s why conservative are so afraid of weed . they think it will make them love black people .
1	he lost his virginity this process ha been turned into a clown show protestors democrat paid for wa unethical there hate show in everyway trump denounced natzi group and bad on both side which is true but democrat refuse to denounce antifa a democratic domestic terror-
0	girl you are so beautiful
0	a catholic run from parrish
0	hopefully this kind of outrageous behavior will motivate senator collins to vote for the appointment of judge kavanaugh . disgraceful libtards .
0	is n't there a statute of limitation on sexual assault ? hurry up and confirm # brettkavanaugh before the liberal invent some other accusation .
0	and so what ? and who care ?
1	i 'm frothing over all of it so far .. .. the goodest shit .
0	he look just like fred with a moustache . ha ha
1	amazing how they can consistently manage to piss off both progressive and conservative by being so arrogantly misguided -- often in same segment .
0	he ’ s an nba plant !
0	jack nicas just covered up for google . they basically scratch each other ’ s back to sell the globalist agenda . people now get a rare glimpse into the fake news medium
0	followed all patriot that i wa n't already following pls follow back ! thanks for a great list of trumpsters ! maga ! # patriotsunite
1	nike lost $ 3.75 billion after kaepernick wa named face of “ just do it ” bullshit .
0	you are so beautiful
0	is that how easily you are offended ? interesting ... good night sister . hope someone brings a great twitter experience your way too .
1	oh my fucking god .
1	and the brainless # dems want u to believe that he doe n't have the majority . liberal is just like their leader '' the corrupts # obama and # crookedhillary both are real bad loser # maga # trump ''
0	i really want you and need you & lt ; 3 & lt ; 3 i am your biggest fan i just love your personality i love who you are
1	take your anti-american crap somewhere else . # tedcruz for senate ! ! # maga
0	* * * to be destroyed 09/08/18 * * * we do n't have a back story on friendly glorious .... she is a sweet young lady who may just need a little time to decompress and feel confident . please help her tonight ! ! url … url
0	why i love ong seongwu ? bsc he is the reason of my smile and tear . he such a precious human being on earth and the ongly one that can brighten up my mood . why i cry is bcs im so poor that i cant afford to spend much on him but thats encourage me to do better in life bcs of him
0	two people ran for president one bought and paid for her nomination . the american people decided to elect president trump . you and i should be embarrassed by the democrat and liberal and left then president trump . i have to question your moral and judgment .
0	what doe that have to do with anything at all ? the level of discourse from liberal is embarrassing
1	so you ’ re saying this official is suppose to go back and recall every other violation that wa let go and than rule ? silly as argument . she wa out of line he called it . that ’ s like saying billy martin didn ’ t get thrown out in 1975 so how can buck showalter get thrown out
0	or a connection or motive between the two because it wasn ’ t a random shooting .
1	okay that 's enough with the a and c shit . they dont care and neither should we .
1	1/7 conservative suddenly realize juvenile offender deserve leniency the president regularly refers to teenage gang member a “ animal , ” and ha , in the past , called for imposing the death penalty on alleged teen rapist . ... url
0	divert and defame ... we voted him in to get thing done ... not b/c he is well mannered
0	* * * * wow my cell phone is blinking it must have had an incoming e-mail . i did n't notice . who could that be from ? it 's an email from ... i have n't seen her for a whi ... it 's beena while . well she is wondering if she could give my email address to my friend from high-shcool i
1	djt & amp ; gop- maga . only for old scared white men again . making woman property again .
1	oh wow ! you look like a 1980 's porn star # loveit
0	me too ! her wedding wa the best ! she is very pretty !
0	i think she is implying that men don ’ t give birth ! how dare she
0	wow he is away from his phone .
1	i think other country are following maga people are sick of being overrun & amp ; then have to pay for it all !
0	. i sent your way for dinner . she said she met you tonight but what she didn ’ t tell you is that she is clemson legend like you are an aggie yell leader legend . she cheered at clemson and is a espn commentator for varsity !
0	98 % of all mass shooting occur in gun free zone . our city with the highest gun crime and murder are the city with the most strict gun control law . your idea of disarming everyone doesn ’ t work because criminal don ’ t obey law and see easy unarmed prey . url
0	//i ’ ll make a pinned tweet when i get home but she is here
0	. you sir are correct . there are so many good men . she is completely out of line . url
1	you 're full of s * * * . it 's the liberal paid by soros who are doing those thing
0	just the type of skilled migrant that the liberal want to come to our wonderful country
0	and how would george washington university know ? you liberal fall for everything
0	she is not wrong tho . some tunisian look like italian
0	those two definitely could i agree and even last year tom threw for 500 and lost . one strip sack away from possibly driving down and doing what he doe best which is win super bowl . it go both way though - tom is also a helmet catch away from winning another ring a well
0	sorry right winger ” look for a kaepernick sale 'bump ' in nike 's earnings next week ” # nikead # boycottnfl # boycottnike # maga url
0	1. i largely regret looking to one more conservative '' and `` more right leaning ( perhaps even relatively speaking for america ) '' on topic relating to transgender in relation to modern incarnation of conservative on youtube ( these people are referred to a `` anti-sjws '' ) and the ''
0	there is already more gun than pre 1996 gun control . free people should have the right to defend themselves and their family . the threat of lethal force is a good deterrent to would be criminal
0	this man is one of the most intelligent highly accomplished black men in the usa yet , white liberal & amp ; the old order '' ( his word ) have been successfully able to have him disowned by his own people . no black child look up to this man for inspiration bc to them he doe n't exist url
0	i get what you mean though i have never personally seen any liberal complain about white conservative people immigrating here from poland or wherever . doe that happen on a large scale ? i guess a better way to phrase my initial point would be diverse immigration .
0	and the united state is 94th in murder rate . thanks for proving that gun control is useless except for authoritarian .
0	that wa a little too curious
0	antifa are the fascist . but , since you have been indoctrinated , you probably do n't even know what fascism actually is . antifa are not fighting neo-nazis '' . they are fighting anyone who is n't them , and they call them nazi just to justify their hate . ''
0	teach the child well # maga2020 # wethepeople # maga # qanon8chan ( constitution song ) url via
1	she is disgusting
0	nearly half a trillion dollar already repatriated ; more coming '' url # tcot # maga # rednationrising ''
1	haaaaaa cause it never happened so if ye gon na tweet shit make sure it ’ s fact kid
0	someone wrote it for her . she is irrelevant ! !
1	a pittsburgh # antifa cell that is conducting weapon training to fight racist in the street '' openly embrace mass murder . the `` mlm '' in that graffiti stand for marxist-leninist-maoist . mao 's communist regime killed 45 million people in the venetian ballroom , at capacity. ``
0	# man'snotbarryroux you are goggle due you dig information ga o flake
0	real stuff like killing the aca and preserving gun control . smarter than most but not the answer .
0	cry baby ! ! !
0	compare the coffer of greg “ photo op guy ” walden and jamie mccleod skinner and you ’ ll see that his treasure chest is in the million from nra and telecom industry . anti-fair and open internet.anti reasonable gun control measure . for exploiting public land .
0	democrat soft on crime soft on border security . since we can ’ t use illegal alien . i will now call them criminal alien
0	best part is if you read the exchange he had in that thread , a year later this dude come back on his same blm and antifa caused nazi '' bullshit lmao . and by `` best '' i mean saddest . ''
1	ive judged that the old woman is an anti semite and joan ryan is right . you are playing semamtics . youre a disgrace .
0	i want you to want me when you are clearheaded . her eyebrow rose in question and challenge , waiting for his response . ''
1	she is a vile rat of a woman .
1	# cincinatti well these shooting will keep happening because of your stupid gun law so it time american woke up and do something about it because it will keep on happening again and again and not god and prayer are going to help only proper gun control law will .
0	i ca n't watch cnn anymore because the conservative pundit they have on are just partisan hack . i get cnn want balance '' but the conservative that defend the indefensible are too much . ''
0	the conservative are finding this pill very hard to swallow .
1	and i can show you plenty of lefty like antifa getting pummeled like the weak punk they are lol
0	keep safe . glad he is going . our daughter is at school in high point nc . school is closed thursday and friday .
0	ask antifa - which one they like & amp ; respect
0	there ’ s actually republican city that have higher crime rate than chicago url
0	what wrong in criticising muslim seeing a they do it the british people and get away with while we brit get labelled “ racist and fascism ” blame it on the liberal for letting it happen .
0	god 's major judgement is coming to bob woodward ... thou shalt not bare false witness '' `` let no man be deceived , god will not be mocked , for whatsoever a man sow , that he will reap '' `` touch not my annointed ( appointed trump ) , do them no harm '' god is not kidding ! ''
0	they 've morphed into antifa . antifa get better coverage and that all important soros cash ! ie : i 'm so upset about you know racist stuff and trump and child in cage and everything the like that , ya know ? '' ''
0	glad you are the same person . keep up the good hard work .
0	* finger crossed * she is enjoying school but going ... konjam sad and little tear . no tanrums though ...
0	ntknetwork news 'rnc ha raised over $ 250 million for the 2018 midterm ' # maga # 2a # prolife url
0	what a great day !
0	yeah but i think what he is saying is addiction is a life long battle . regardless of if he relapsed or not josh ha to keep those demon at bay every day .
0	a country in which we are happy to hunt constitutional president in the desert because the chancellor is referring to her truth about # antifa video . # merkelkratie # maassen # merkel # seehofer url
0	haley thanx ! you know how to brighten up my shitty day
0	i do n't understand who soros is n't arrested for domestic terrorism ! he also fund antifa .
0	the pit bull debate is just like gun control . pit bull kill someone and here come picture here 's my loving pit . '' gun kill 's someone and it `` i have 4 gun and they never killed anyone . '' ''
0	bono ... who care . soon people will understand that they gain nothing from following a phony celebrity . become a leader of your people instead or help and support your fellow countryman .
0	i think you are part of the russia conspiracy . plenty of evidence will soon be found and you will be locked up !
1	nobody care about paid protester the capitol police need to get a hold on them lock them up
0	i ’ m sorry you think is telling you the truth on his twitter feed . he ’ s not . he is an employee of the and get paid to lie . it ’ s his job .
1	and that 's where you are seeing what you want to see . you think these people want to look manly and powerful . i see them expressing solidarity . what a useless thing to mock .
0	god help u if that happens
0	history will judge you well . '' - # qanon url
0	overton window shifted a while ago . ap is leftist , wsj maybe centrist and lol that cnn is n't hyper-partisan '' but fox is ? ok have you denounced your extremist , antifa , keith ellison , linda sarsour , ocasio yet ? i 've denounced one on the right ... ''
0	you are so sweet and adorable oppa
0	greatest potus ever ! ! ! ! ! # maga # trump2020
1	greenie she acted like a spoiled elitist brat . she got the point taken away a she deserved . if she wa good enough to win today it should n't have mattered . she is an icon and one of the most admirable woman i 've ever seen in sport . she had a bad day . move on not newsworthy .
1	they 're all democrat right ? they 're not hiding it anymore ! # fakejournalists # fakenews # nohonor # maga
1	# liberal + # conservatives= # neoliberalism & amp ; # globalization & amp ; all of it discontent : # ppp- # corporatewelfare-dilution of # constitutional rights/freedoms & amp ; # justice- # sociopolieconfinancial # corruption & amp ; particratic # collusion of # cdnpoli/ticians for 1 % er ! url
1	conservative never believe woman . it ’ s amazing . you assume lying every single time . remembering the exact date of a high-school drinking party is a rather silly thing to expect . quick - what wa the exact date of the one you got drunkest at ? and name everyone there ?
0	sad that you are trying to pawn off another rich right-wing type in an age of increasing wealth disparity . a price gouging pharma executive at that . after trump tried to gut healthcare with no real replace in that repeal & amp ; replace '' . it 's a slap in the face . ''
1	with democrat 's sociability quotient it 's no wonder democrat think about gun control all the time !
0	just admit manchester isn ’ t blue pal and everyone will be calm when you are the most successful club in the country let alone manchester than we can talk
0	kamala said justice should be blind - ( by the way she is absolutely right on that point ) yet you : something untrustworthy '' you `` can feel it '' lmao ``
0	how about sensible gun control ?
0	dad 's army
1	he is moe
0	your right . 2nd amendment allows liberal to have gun a well .
0	what ! ! ! ! ! now you aren ’ t sure she is truthful ! you should recuse yourself immediately from the entire proceeding ! ! !
1	never going to happen . not in a million year . not unless soros hire a bunch of antifa punk to pretend to be vet .
1	the cunt who ’ s 1st eu is doing it url
0	he ’ s trying to go on the campaign trail for big pay ! we know what iran loving hussein is up to . no match for presidrnt trump who give his salary to charity .
0	absolutely ! liberal are upside down !
1	liberal dictionary : -illegal immigrant : dreamer -trump supporter : deplorable -ms-13 killer : human being -human being in the womb : not human being -antifa : protestors -law abiding nra member : terrorist -bill clinton : feminist -brett kavanaugh : predator
0	aren ’ t you late for your antifa meeting ?
1	he ’ s dead . so you are a necrophiliac a well ? good to know ... you must suck at chess never mind 3 dimensional chess ... you can ’ t even think one move ahead let alone many ... change your twitter handle to dumbaf not even ish
0	if he is innocent he should be vindicated and there should be penalty for false accusation also .
0	you are only believing her because she is a woman .
0	that 's the problem with conservative . they mix up etiquette and talent . both in moderation .
0	who is cheney ? you ’ re the second person who mentioned her and i have no idea who she is
0	she is probs busy over school or something
0	gutiérrez you are a joke dress a an full
1	she is a republican . do you actually expect any different . and a far a her calling the opposition money a bribe she should be used to that by now bribe that is
1	that 's expected if you placate the violent leftists/terrorists . # kavanaughconfirmation # woke
0	she is off making weird gesture between the two of them . “ we . we should be friend then unless it ’ s weird to be friend with your employee . ”
1	his eye are fucking louder than his word ! ! ! !
0	the republican senate already know who he is that is why they won ’ t release those document
0	booooring
0	bring on the crucifixion ! you know if a conservative did this to garland - she would be stoned to death by antifa
0	hate to rain on the parade but this is most likely a 1-11 arkansas team they beat . glad for mason a he is a great player but the team they beat would not be competitive in c-usa
1	well since your stream always have porn in the title im going to sa you love porn
0	# liberal believe rule are for the middle class and those hoping to join them . # ethic # friendsandfamily # cdnpoli # lpc
0	thank you for seeing the light . # stopkanavaugh please vote no . he is not ok ! ! ! help save our democracy
0	good . he is a head case . go get a passrusher
1	he is a professional liar
0	rose .. you are so good ... id kill for you without hesitation i love you
0	oh you are very welcome .
1	if you put any claim that that ambulance chaser is in anyway anything by a shyster you are a fool bigger than he is
1	now that ’ s the pot calling the kettle black ! liberal are nothing but bully ! antifa-bullies ! ! ! trump haters-bullies ! ! !
0	which converted christian also have . which muslim also have which left-leaning liberal also have
0	holder is worse than john gotti or al capone . why ? because neither of them held themselves out a honest law abiding citizen . the only attorney general in our nation history that wa censored by our congress .
1	david stop it with your logical connection .... true journalist like you are not in vogue ..
1	-found out there 's more gun control you ca n't do mass murder in school or theatre on oct 21 ha anyone done this joke yet
1	i wa informed that your process take up to 10 business day to transfer credit from an expired myki card to an active card - wtf ! ! ! ? ? ? do you people use computer ? ? ? ? ? # whatajoke
0	yet the number of application from liberal that were rejected wa higher then yours . you sound salty that the liberal had more people looking for use this program but you guy just had people with worst value .
1	, ... criminal complicity in all of this mess ! -- - last night , mr. gregg jarrett appeared on hannity '' ! , ... he is always incredible , and he made another great point when he reminded all of u that `` starting an illegitimate investigation is a crime '' ! -- - truth is coming out mueller ! ''
0	so ... what did the big o accomplish on gun control in his 8 year disaster ? ?
0	that 's a simplistic comparison . population density and poverty level are big contributor . you need a massive cultural shift and constitutional amendment for gun control to be effective like in other country . in the mean time people will keep dying .
0	all these thing you mentioned mean nothing to those of u who love our country ! our freedom and country mean more to u than anything of this world # maga # kag url
0	16 year old stabbed in dagenham this evening and the liberal are worried about data protection . # c4news
0	hahahaha that wa like a vacation with a bunch of liberal . oops
0	thanks for the resistance boycott any mean nessasary loser they hollywood msm rinos google facebook and twitter china jack black hater antifa are ruining our country enough we need a wall
1	bitch i know u see the rainbow inna bio
0	you know the university can withdraw it certificate if they feel like you are disgracing them right ? so even if you have graduated you should still not disrespect the school .
1	i do not support trump . he is an abomination !
1	friggen crook .
0	because he know he is going to jail soon
0	yassss ! ! ! trump win law suit - cali court overturn gun control law url via
1	eric holder is guilty of killing a border patrol officer ! ! !
1	she is an opportunist . she wanted a cabinet post but liberal rightly decided she wasn ’ t good enough for the task . she crossed because conservative promised her one . she is a person with no core belief . she is not credible and not to be trusted .
0	look at this ! wow . our hard earned money used for the liberal extravagant lifestyle . doesn ’ t that remind you of the typical socialist government ! !
1	this is a lie ! to push a gun control narrative ! the actual number is much lower . if you look up what they are using to reach that number you will see why it is so high . always playing politics !
1	this is the most consistently stupid argument gun control advocate make .
0	is this for real ?
1	i lived through the era where conservative literally tried to argue that gay right would cause the collapse of western civilization . no exaggeration . they used he fall of rome a their example somehow . they now want to pretend that they didn ’ t vilify u . ugh .
1	the democrat do n't care . they will do anything to undermine president trump . people had better realize how serious they are about getting rid of him . vote red or suffer under the liberal .
0	i don ’ t like this . you guy aren ’ t gettting what she is trying to pas across . she said she went to the cu in enugu and left in 2014 .
1	treason he should hang he ha no business even trying this who the f doe he think he is trump need to lock him up fast
0	family being separated at the border . in fact , the picture of child in cage that liberal were using to show how evil '' trump is wa actually taken while obama wa president ''
0	right on # maga # wwg1wga
0	these people are special . lol url
1	a quick way to get yourself killed . thanks antifa !
0	liberal without identity politics have nothing .
0	attention ! ! is publishing a target list for antifa on his twitter account under list '' . the list ha high profile name and name of everyday trump supporter . please check this list for your name . ha not suspended his account . ''
1	the fuck !
0	oh ... july ... so like 35 & amp ; 3/4 year ago ... no ... that 's a difference maker . i had no idea ! please share your thought on serial woman abuser & amp ; antifa lover
0	a national treasure she is .
1	better call cruz '' is a slimy a piece of the perverted former gop and a prime example of why those used to be decent republican conservative need to vote for beto ''
0	with this useless try hard comedian love preaching hate about they have so much hate in them for a guy they loved before he wa president . maybe infatuated with the guy . she must dream about him .
0	rodenbury wa against violence and would have advocated for gun control .
0	are you kidding me ? i ’ m so pissed for you . he is a sorry excuse for a human being .
1	but antifa are only anti fascist ( romney told me so ) she would n't throw a brick at you unless you were a na ...
1	this is what conservative think a genius look like . lmao
0	i think staff is top 5-6 too . ben is just getting old and run down now but to say he is trash is crazy talk . he ’ s had a good career . partially because the steelers have always been a good org but he ’ s done his share to help also
1	can someone tell this dumb we are a republic
0	in exactly the way defends pedophelia ... politicized science ... antifa riot ... because they further the cause ... one man/entity ... totally in charge of the whole world superstitious ?
1	so why even make the specification when i tell you gun control did nothing to stop your homicide rate ?
0	ahhh the left wing liberal democrat .
0	cut to policing over the last 10 year under the conservative which the police warned would be detrimental is an important factor . a lack of youth centre and play scheme is another factor .
1	republican /conservatives are the most disgusting people
0	one can always tell when dr is not telling the truth . his mouth is moving ! why on earth would anyone expect the not to cosy up to trump ?
1	don ’ t let the door hit ya ...
0	you care about black men dying at the hand of racist cop ? you care about the immigrant being kidnapped at the border ? you care about the 3k puerto ricans that died ? i figured you would bring up antifa . that say everything about you .
0	. the referendum wa n't about whether gdp go up by 1 % or down by 1 % , it wa about leaving political union and becoming an independent country ! that is the issue that neither the conservative nor the labour party wish to address . '' url
1	i simply disagree flotus . he or she is exposing the egregious behavior of your husband which no one else will . potus ’ s action are hurting this country . word matter and style matter . truth matter .
1	glad i wear wrangler . so what gun control would you propose that will stop the criminal ?
1	they should . hopefully voter will realise that they could have ended this shitshow well before the midterm .
0	you prove how little you know about history , with each new post , wep . war are the failure of diplomacy , enabled by an arm industry feeding off taxpayer . gun control '' is the last thing on their mind . you 've been lied to , by pro in the pay of gun manufacturer . ''
0	no- it ’ s wise all the time to not capitulate to liberal demand .. example- allowing a few more day for the kavanaugh hearing and offering the fake accuser the opportunity to testify under oath is smart politically .. but liberal demanded more . then grassley said “ hell no ”
0	i went to the live twice but i wa impressed and it wa really cool stage ! you are my bestdj ! ! thank you hardwell
0	you are basically exploiting people with fear of spider and you know there are a lot of em so you that ’ s why you stole that pic to scare people who are arachnophobia
1	* wait for a buncha braindead redneck to burn the levi 's that they 're wearing and get hauled off to the er en masse * url
1	i knew i wouldn ’ t like what he did but i never ever thought that every single republican but sit by and let him do what he is doing now regarding everything that you mentioned in your tweet pretty
0	why ? he is messed up .
0	will you answer my question from yesterday about whether our country could keep it law enforcement officer safer if gun control law were not subject to the limitation of the 2nd amendment ? url # alpolitics
0	people are awake . projection is no longer a tactic that liberal can successfully use .
0	mark judge doe n't want to lie for kavanaugh . # maga url
0	not if you are polling mexican ! ! ! # tacobellanotherkindoffood # ” harris ” saysitall # iamone
0	antifa i guess
1	is anti-gop . he is part of the “ trump party ” and he is hoping for a pardon for ripping off hard working american .
0	christine ford is now saying she is not 100 percent sure it wa kavanaugh . you better know for sure . do n't waste the american people time if you are not sure of your charge . th senate committee will ask you very probing question you need to answer .
1	a horrendous act of course . conservative lie like they breath and are just generally awful human being . i don ’ t doubt the victim story even a tiny bit
0	her term ! ? wth she 's running the show now so kavanaugh 's confirmation hearing is being delayed a the liberal want . something is not right .
0	well ... ? url
1	more like # putin every day . # maga url
0	can u help him with ur vietnam expirrence
1	we all know that the left is going to believe all those lie demo liberal rat are there to destroy president trump nov is going to be red
0	her opinion . she is not a feminist .
0	1st cheeto dust cheat to get his position then he throw paper towel to american citizen who have just been devestated by a hurrican . next he sends no help to the victim of this latest hurricane . claim # stopkavanaugh is a great guy now he is unclassifying doc he shouldn
0	brennan probably wrote that nyt op-ed
0	my mom make literally everyone . you are my true mother
1	because you could not even begin to respond since you can ’ t speak in full sentence and your word are so limited
1	. tell u she is an unserious attention seeker url # iphone
0	except you kind of are when it come to gun control
1	this guy kerry is one do nothing damn politician where doe he get off going over sea 's and trying to undermined our president now this is a traitor for sure you better watch this s.o.b . !
0	the purrfect portrait ! she even ha her tail wrapped around her paw ! she is beautiful in this shot !
0	if you are running for re-election on the economy , you 're in big trouble . there are 2 thing that do n't add up in your great economy '' pitch & gt ; wage growth & amp ; the deficit . in other word , you 're screwed . update your resume . # novemberiscoming ''
0	whatever dude if you want to use antifa tactic you should meet the baton of the riot police
0	aight i thought gun control and unaffordable healthcare wa the issue snm
0	liberal putting politics ahead of the economy ? never
1	bitch shut up he building his self esteem
0	keep up the good work you do . and ignore the hater that attack you . you are a good lady !
0	# maga ... the home of abject hypocrisy ...... url
1	socialism once it implemented ha historically had only one effective stop measure and that ha been civil war . knowing that the force/reasoning behind gun control '' becomes clear . you can have a clear picture of this process by reading saul alinsky's-rules for radical . ''
0	he is also speaking a the other man in the room . remember he kept silent and allowed kid to be sexually assaulted .... we will call him the mark judge in this case .
0	i am trying to make a point . many people who hate the liberal and ndp party are conservative . and all conservative care about is money . they do n't have to ruin the environment and discriminate against others because of money '' ''
1	still coverup . and bet the anonymous writer of op-ed in ny time on sept 5th wa the ny time itself ! ! ! ! no sr adminstrator of # potus . but cud say it wa since refused to name writer ... all to stir up crap within # trump camp ! ! ! and # maga
0	i hope he traded this winter a he is the worst defensive catcher i ’ ve ever seen itsnot even funny anymore a 14 passed ball in only 71 game ? wow .... that ’ s nut
0	please add me . thank you # maga
1	another typical liberal who espouses gun control but us hate and bullying .
0	cause the cia and fbi wa good at the time to cover up the greatest corruption ever made by hussein obama administration . it ’ s all coming out all involved with the deep state .
1	liberal drink their own kool-aid . they live in these bubble and they think a lot of people like them . if they could see themselves how clownish they look and act .
1	i thought it would be worse . i thought they would be shooting liberal in the street by now .
0	honored to be included with all these fine patriot ! thank you rena ! # maga dean ! url
0	she is the most clueless defence minister ever only rivaled by anthony
1	# cancelsouthpark they were liberal when you were still suckin ' on your momma 's titty at the other woodstock .
1	is inciting violence via twitter to account supporting potus . he ha made list to have u targeted by antifa ... etc .
0	it 's like some people are acting like antifa ...
1	she don ’ t never have on pant and she is forever throwing up the people ’ s eyebrow with her pinched nose as .... url
0	kind of like what trump doe all the time huh ?
1	the fact that you equate smoking reefer with sexual assault tell me everything i need to know about you . you maga-bot-types are completely at sea when it come to basic human decency . like your president .
1	we ’ re defo living in the last day
0	that ’ s the entire basis for gun control fact don ’ t matter
0	word can not express just how valid you are .
1	i support jahs blessing on his hussle .... he is d bomb
0	him because she is a democrat and doesn ’ t want the vote to go through . fact just the fact .
0	i hope she stay safe and she is a brave soul . i 'm on the coast of nc and will be staying put for now . i am scared but i ca n't leave without my hub . he ha to stay and man the prison he work for .
0	they did n't actually they engaged in an extortion racket via austerity and borrowed like no other
1	david calling for lynn to resign is an reckless and irresponsible statement and need to resign immediately a he is unfit do hold any position anywhere . see what i did there .
1	here your proof ! our african friend do n't get free college . the demoncratic are putting illegals over ppl . these antifa ninja turtle running around acting like jihadist and never lived a real life experience . most of these antifa college kid are white privileged
1	you are a nasty a he is
1	i think she really know now but she is in denial ! !
0	another liar that broke his oath
0	antifa ? fighting neo-nazis to oppose fascism is the same a neo-nazis running over people with car ? this is pointless . enough .
0	hope you paid to use the image ...... and the appropriate tax of course . url
1	# shameonyou # conservative proud of yourselves for inflicting such horror on the folk of # palestinian.… ... url
1	do not think so maybe do a little research buddy !
1	his own fear of white people .
0	show me the maga ! '' ''
1	i wonder which one is the democrat and which is the republican . the dude is now totally for gun control .
1	police reform yes . we should try that . gun control ? we ’ ve tried that over and over again . it doesn ’ t work . but maybe it ’ s like socialism or communism . we just haven ’ t done it right yet . /sarcasm
0	no problem cory r. i. p to your aunt we all know she is proud of what you have done over the year and she is in a better place now so do n't worry she is watching over u
0	she is adorable .
0	i have never understood why there are not more officer visibly supporting tighter gun control . it make their job so much more dangerous with all these random people w/ their gun .
1	silly rabbit law and rule aren ’ t for liberal .
0	an airplane you say .. no woman fall in love with you when you are a trek star .
0	oh yeah another cracking offering from url
1	suck it # winning # maga url
1	nigga wellin if they wan na live in a world with endless world war and death and chaos . my hero is literally anime x-men
1	it ’ s quite apparent she abhorres the constitution . stupid woman . she think she is so much better than anyone else .
0	i now have over 6k follower . only 94k to go to get to my goal ! # trumptrain # maga # kag
0	can you tell cal i said how are you ? i just wan na know how he is doing .
1	she is a murderer and your whole department should be ashamed of this cover up . shame on the dallas pd ! there is nothing noble or respectable about how your department is handling this situation . you are aiding a criminal and showing you dont care about the citizen of dallas
0	she is jus here to observe .
1	only a liberal would support a liberal that spent a million to get liberal elected to office . # libfail ! url
1	we had leveon bell . thats the dumbest argument . but we can compare college for when he played . his best season wa 1700 yds 26 tds . how about collins ? and this is conners first year starting and he is starting much better than collins
0	5. they promoted an amendment to lower the voting age to 18. they pushed gun control effort and gun free zone to give criminal an edge over law abiding citizen .
1	these gun control scientist '' are a disgrace . they should have their license to publish revoked. ``
0	he is valid
0	continues to nosedive in rating . down 41 % since last year . their audience consists of weenie liberal in mommy basement . url
1	a libertarian all this show me is how ugly and divisive the two party system is . liberal are actually a lot uglier . all straight men need to leave the democratic party . a party of men hatred . leave !
1	too bad life suck 4 u # schiff4brains ur going down along wi ur other criminal friend . only red line crossed is the lie u tell . u will never b anything more than the belly of a snake # maga # trump2020 # schiff4brains url
0	i love that a graphic novel shelf wa a priority - you are a most excellent librarian
0	ask your friend over at
0	i hope you do n't make it !
1	honestly we all know he ’ s stupid but what is actually surprising is how dumb and easily persuaded the people of our country are .. he ’ ll say shit like this and every white redneck is screaming “ yeah maga baby ” url
0	did you forget about the 7 year of war previous ? or perhaps the economic crash of 2008 and all of it 's consequence ? maybe you need to be reminded of all the stonewalling by congress on any attempt of gun control by the obama administration ?
0	he is a godless heathen
0	so you are not covered even at 350 ?
0	that and racist ! '' imagine if it wa a black woman that accused him of the same . i should probably keep that to myself because i can see some dems seeing this somehow and thinking `` how can we make this even worse on kavenaugh ? got it ! '' ''
0	you are very generous . & lt ; 3
0	but i am a good woman with a gun url
1	well if trumpster said it then it must be true he also have himself a 10 on handling cuba hurricane sad piece of something he is ...
1	# maga boy go donate to trump ... he 's looking for more gop sucker like you to cover up his porn star ... shhh do n't let his wife know either
0	you do what you need to do . you are an amazing person . who care what others think .
0	tbh i only started recently but the only thing i do n't like about mineta is how whiny he is
0	congratulation google finally revealed a the chinese controlled company it ha become
1	shes so old that shes been pushing gun control since the lincoln assassination .
0	because i knew it would flush out the one dutch antifa '' on twitter . i wa feeling lonely . ''
1	jaw v : when jaw jaw back - starring kurt chiselchest and lorna buxom whud i win ? it better not be one of them laser sword ... jess will b jealous .
0	sorry but antifascists and left leaning people need gun for defence unlike what some liberal pundit are propagating with their gun abolition rhetoric . i used to support gun control but i don ’ t trust leaving the state to have even more power over the majority worker class . also
0	thank you !
0	# deplorables are resolved to # maga url
1	it ’ d better be on monday and who the hell are they to slow walk this and dictate term ? # maga
0	because she is
1	so your in favor of gun control because that ’ s what switzerland ha ? am i correct in saying that ?
1	i ’ ve never seen anyone talk like that on twitter before and i ’ ve seen some really messed up shit
0	liberal will blame the nra before they blame the lunatic that ended the life of 3 innocent individual .
0	need gun control to many
1	he hit the lotto
0	1 year today our founder sadly passed away . mandy devoted her life to saving animal across the uk . we all hope she is looking down on u with a smile knowing we are continuing the work she started 20+ year ago . forever in our thought mandy leigh from all the staff & amp ; trustee url
1	do n't disrespect sharpie like that bro it wa definitely some off brand shit from the back of a dollar tree
0	their car are great but china demand ha just reduced a lot when they expected it to increase . there 's your answer right there . maga
1	i think he is hoping someone somewhat soviet will take care of it for him . this could get even uglier .
0	super
0	you can listen to it on the dana show podcast !
0	i ’ m done with you a well . an intentional 11th hour attack completely based on hearsay and you want an investigation ? what do you think they ’ ll find other than he said she said . feinstein admitted she sat on this and here you are ready to lockstep with the swamp .
1	oh boy just wait ! you are in for a surprise ! ca n't believe anyone to be that ignorant ! lmao !
0	then there should be no problem having kavanaugh take a lie detector test just a dr. ford . if he is so anxious to clear his name he should be asking to take a lie detector test . the fact that is n't blasting tweet on this issue also speaks volume !
0	it okay but you are the emo too i 'm not look to your icon and username just look
0	# thursdaythoughts i wonder how many liberal would take the word of a woman that accused their husband , son , dad of groping '' 36 year ago ? a big fat zero ! we can not allow people 2 destroy any man 's life without 100 % proof they were violated . it 's a tactic , not the truth . url
1	nobody want to take your gun , we just want gun control of what gun we will allow you to have '' . ''
1	i have plenty of conservative i work with that are not afraid to share their racism and hate for democrat . it is sickening
0	i ’ m still bitter she deserved better
0	the liberal will stop at nothing .
0	you are my hero
0	notice his expression . he didnt know who it wa or intention . security behind urged him to walk away . he is a great spirited man .
0	wow . wonder what he is doing ?
0	you really think the riott squad left you this message ? read into it more it say fear nikki . nikki bella fear she is coming for you . this dressing room is only the start of insanity . url
0	isn ’ t it funny how they want gun control but they partner up with snoop dog
0	please help her out . she is distressed . url
0	thanks that sum it up nicely ! serena and her sycophant are exposed with fact ! liberal hate fact ! ! ! ! !
1	could we get some honest law enforcement agency to dig into chinese spy chauffeur . he may have been sexual assualted in high school . funny how an american citizen did n't qualify for the job . vote # maga url
0	why bore me with something that do n't mean nothing at all what she done in the past and who she is now . wow she wore tracksuit she probably would of warn many of thing ? .. !
0	lol he is literally incapable of this .
0	liberal do n't care anymore about democracy '' . they will burn the country before let trump to govern two more year . remember that the objective wa to throw trump out of power within the first six month . ''
0	you are so right ; the person pictured in your tweet ha no decency and doe not deserve the honor of serving america . he should resign immediately .
0	# redwaverising2018 . a texas gun control platform ? someone drank koolaide in concentrate. ? ! url
0	i hope he can get back too nd day he is a real dawg !
0	trump responsible for even more employment ! ! # maga url
0	i liked a video url manager tell man he need to remove his maga hat | what would you do ? | wwyd
1	i 'll answer for you ! ! when you have a different opinion to them you 're a racist ... when they lose an argument you 're a racist ... if you love britain you 're a racist ... liberal are week people ... it take a strong person to to not be one of the sheep
1	get back on your peanut farm old man
0	if you think that the op ed affect the the people in sc then you are so out of touch . we all think it is more fake news .
0	should be returning punt in my opinion . he is
0	woke bible reading from midwest antifa .
1	# justsayin ’ what the majority is thinking . more # fakeoutrage & amp ; # lie from the # lunaticleft . never seen so many sore loser throwing temper-tantrums for almost 2 year now . embarrassing ! # maga url
1	liberal a per odia standard .... rw is liberal when it come to my state
0	sound to like the fisa court may have a problem too ! . # maga # kag # build the wall
1	correction : liberal deliberately distorting .
0	you rock laura . we need the rinos exposed . they are hiding behind republican status . we need new blood in november . it ha to continue to 2020. maga our forefather would want u to save our country .
0	it ’ s a unique situation bc apparently they knew each other very well . supposedly dated . we ’ ll see when more detail emerge . url
1	then you must condemn antifa and blm who spew hate and fear toward the police
0	thanks man ! it 's not in stock at most store tbh so you need to order it by phone/online to then pick up in 2-3 day ( unless you are in texas )
1	# qanon liberal are like monkey throwing their own shit at everything
1	-conservatives cut police funding -person complains about crime -person vote conservative to tackle crime ?
0	her product cause dandruff ? kc you are the one
0	so the fbi is a hotbed of liberal and leftist ? ? ? ? you are no brian dennehy .
0	# julieburchill is actually mentally ill. when i wa a kid she used to fill the nme and the face and all those mag with her vacuous drivel and now she is given the space in grown up world to do it courtesy the spineless pro # brexit eejits . she is pathetic .
0	well if you are so sure this will work ... i can hold on to the notebook if it still is available . plus i can help try and keep the junko part of your mind away . apparently being a part of the blood tribe make you naturally good with technology . '' ''
0	he 's a big crybaby because he did n't get his way for the 2016 election
0	a nice cartoon .
0	i know a lot of democrat you wish good thing for her butt she turned to the dark side .
0	a per my friend that were correctional officer in corcoran state prison .. yes he is .
1	eric holder will be held accountable . he is pointing the finger away from the crime . time is not on your side eric . looking forward to the collapse of your scandalous time ruining america .
0	“ yes you are .. ”
0	she want gun control ? figure url
1	a whole meta joke here would be my original tweet fuckin up the calculation .
0	guess everybody get “ f ” cause hillary ain ’ t got none
1	literally sam is quitting smoking mid competition and obviously having some mood swing from it . she is a fantastic human being and you ’ re portraying her a shit and portraying jc a a cute little dude when he groped tyler in his sleep . shame .
0	1. depends on what you mean by gun control 2. because they are ? 3. it 's called lobbying . been around forever 4. neither doe gun control 5. assault rifle are already banned
1	. i 'm not installing your shitty app , but put me down for 100 % for the second amendment/campus carry , 100 % against gun control except violent felon '' . url
0	... the kind of repulsive projection usually reflect back on the source ; be careful in what one deems appropriate for others lest it is applied equally to oneself ...
0	please be aware that the following person who ha confirmed attending fordfestnd is the guest list , is canada 's top antifa anarchist and intends to disrupt event . his name is alex hundert url
0	morning
0	what ? ? -are you forgetting steve scalise being shot by a left wing nut job ? -the pillar of society known a antifa who beat ppl with chain and destroy property ? -ur de-funk speaker maxine water calling for chaos etc only 280 char watch something beside & amp ; learn truth
1	for a moment i thought you were about death sounded fucked up sick at first .
1	i should wash your mouth out with soap for saying that ! i have the utmost respect and admiration for our cop . i don ’ t have that for dirt bag who would break into my home . gun control mean a steady hand not an empty one . go talk to antifa buddy about being a drain
0	every soldier coming in will report to the hotel until barrack assignment are made . if married they would stay until a home is found . now i read through their description and i know that unit . the were beefing that unit up 3-4 year . it wa a new unit . i do however think it
0	hey # maga how ’ s all that newfound wealth treatin ’ ya ? dt really ha his finger on the pulse of america !
1	sir now to russia .... putin is broke and a little bit crazy ... the paltry 1.7 trillion gdp might cause desperate action from his dying regime . denuclearization in exchange for oil patch tech . thats all they have .. sir .. maga
1	this will be settled and will never see a jury . we will never know the truth . maybe she grabbed him first while swapping spit or he is really that stupid to just grab her . either way i doubt we will ever know the complete truth .
0	you are betting on it ... you just do n't have a choice ....
0	“ hmm well she is right to hun ... blake wa supposed to be watching her . ”
0	the real antifa ! ! url
0	deport ! california know trump supporter are going to be out at every election to vote republican ! hey hey ho ho illegal alien need to go ! # heyhey
0	no he wa not ! he scary a hell thats what he is !
0	or perhaps it ’ s because he is gone
0	your school got piped by georgia
1	carrey is becoming weird like peewee herman ...
0	ask cruz why he blame tofu eating liberal '' for the influx of money into texas after houston just held a conference to woo investor from china in may . texan must learn where that money is coming from and the reason for the odd insult . url # transparency ''
0	put your stance on gun control on your website .
0	louisiana attorney general jeff landry encourages attorney general # jeffsessions to break up # bigtech company like # google and # facebook nothing is going to happen until we get a new ag in november ! # maga url
1	liberal complain of not having time to evaluate record but they sit on an anonymous letter for week and wait like a criminal to assassinate the character of a good man at the end.despicable .
1	by acting like a spoiled brat ? woman do not need that sort of help .
0	cockwaffle or normal waffle ?
0	doe eric even know where he is ?
0	the battle cry '' by nova scotia girl # maga and the world will follow ! # wwg1wga # redwave2018 # walkaway # trump2020 let freedom ring worldwide ! ! # qanon url
1	another dumbass democrat . one thing you have to say about this president is he ’ s not lazy . another bullshit story a usual
0	it would make sense for her to be a big character in 9 but if she stay the way she is i really hope not . lol she wa making me cringe most of the movie
0	# resist why are n't dems & amp ; msm blasting this story ? ? i can only imagine only false story against conservative count . url
0	because i 'm a little concerned about the q follower because they slowly become more and more a sort of right wing sjw antifa thingie ( also excuse me for my horrible english it 's not my native languase and did n't had much schooling in it so i 'm sorry if it suck . )
0	in legislature you are very rude . you are out of mind and out of control ... take some pill to relax .... you fight for councillor salary of 115k . did you ever fight for my salary ? get lost .
0	did every other comedian suddenly die ?
0	0.05 - narrator : it wa at this moment antifa knew ... xhe/zhe had fucked up ... '' ''
0	hope all them sandwich ’ s have cheese to go with their wine # maga
1	the really frightening thing is that plenty of antifa are stupid enough to believe this is true . i 'd put a bet on the first one to try it being a woman antifa . they seem to be the most stupid and more willing to vitue signal their way into an early grave .
0	now you are making fun of me .
0	analysis | devin nunes explains ‘ antifa ’ and ‘ all of these riot ’ : ‘ because we ’ re winning ’ url
0	of course never cover conservative
1	sorry for the democratic party is the party of hate they formed the kkk and antifa . the gop it 's finally got back in the office and the economy is booming and people have job wow overlook this . you liberal people are the most trashy ignorant thing on this planet .
0	i believe you are who you say you are .
1	i 'm not an asshole libtard .
0	better not bring to much attention to this guy . the democrat might try to get him to run for office .
0	gunslinger girl usa_gunslinger · 2017-08-12 23:50:56 retweet if you think that antifa is a domestic terrorist organization ! '' nou nou , wat een desinfo . ''
1	he is a disgrace he need to resign or the citizen of maricopa county need to start a recall . if he fubar ’ s the general election that should be it . no waiting until 2020 .
0	you are not helping people your case lol
1	why is she under the white hot spotlight ? ... she is the victim of this trump like abusive animal ... # stopkavanaughnow
0	you say she is your kind of woman . why do n't you do that with the quran ? i would say then that you are my kind of woman .
0	how antifa 's extremism is facism in the making '' now i 'm making the face in your avi ''
0	do you think he should be impeached ? # maga url
0	you 'll have to tell me your secret over dinner sometime
0	twitter is very sneaky about censoring conservative n various way . there definitely need to be an investigation .
0	she is !
0	tell that to him . he is very perfectionist . i don ’ t think we will change that ever
0	the fact that we believe that these are the only two conservative with a shred of decency is deeply disturbing . even more disturbing is that i don ’ t believe either of them do either . still doesn ’ t hurt to try .
1	acting like an as is not a good view .
0	please shut up ontario is seeing what conservative stand for is not helping you loose this province your never going anywhere .. not they you will any way your completely out of tune with canadian mr. harper oops i mean mr. scheer common mistake you so much alike .
0	thanks mum !
1	... is 100 % correct and should be applauded for criticizing our inept and corrupt president - not denounced for it .....
1	domino is as
1	why the fuck do you cover american politics more than canadian politics ? is a fucking disgrace . report news . all news . not just the stuff that make conservative look bad and ignore the stuff that make liberal look bad .
0	she need to make a much money a she can while the liberal are all duped .
0	aged dine to me ! # maga libs still spill out with vile breath the total vote including all the illegal ( sorry jack ) voter . the repeated area where more people voted than are registered . po 'd a friend with the red and blue map . and dont you live in fl still ? how 'd that work ? url
0	did someone say meth course ?
0	another uninformed
0	maga keeping america great url
0	please leave my girlfriend alone i know she is too good yall do n't understand .
0	1 week watch nike stock plummet .. the liberal ca n't keep nike afloat .. # boycottnike macy 's still ha n't rebounded ! url
0	boycott nfl & amp ; nike ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1	sjshsj thats my job bitch
0	courageous ! now she 'd better get out of there before she 's charged with a hate crime . # maga # buildthewall # lockthemallup # fixit url
1	why ? because you are too busy spreading hate with your tds ? i ’ m sure you feel fine ridiculing child of conservative . you represent everything that is wrong in the education ( brainwashing ) system .
1	go away my child . you are so boring that you ca n't even entertain a doubt .
1	pussy and as are different time . and i 've never in my black life ever ate chittlerings lol
0	the only one building on hate and division right now are the dems and their enforcer antifa and naxine watters .
1	omg that ’ s fucking crazy .
0	this is just more proof are beyond unhinged and should never ever have power in this country again . # walkawayfromdemocrats # walkaway
1	could be either . liberal like this have no shame and will do “ anything ” i suspect it is the latter .
0	great group i follow all except the top two because they do n't follow back retweeted .
0	he is according to every religion on earth except for compromised protestant sect like episcopalian
0	thank you have a great day # maga url
0	botox treatment ?
0	i like carol she is funny
0	a we now know there were scandal . they were covered up very well . that 's coming to end . slowly but surely .
0	i am a big time conservative and staunch believer in our constitution . i am also a supporter of you . what myself and many conservative are starting to feel is that republican in the senate do not have the stomach to fight for u and against the left . too soft .
1	queen of rap other bitch can knot relate
0	would our country be able to keep it law enforcement officer safer ( who are trying to keep our family safe ) if gun control law were not subject to the limitation of the 2nd amendment ? # alpolitics
1	. can ’ t leave fast enough . it ’ s “ conservative ” like him that have caused so much frustration among # rinos with no backbone propelled presidency !
0	oasis say she is happy to oblige url
0	democrat continue to attack & amp ; smear conservative . their latest victim : brett kavanaugh . this tactic is right out of saul alinsky playbook . don ’ t fall for it ! ! # confirmkavanaughnow
0	up next : liberal calling u out for calling him guilty .
0	planned parenthood provides million with contraception - thereby eliminating an unplanned pregnancy for most ; an unplanned pregnancy that doesn ’ t potentially result in an abortion . conservative posse no critical thinking skill whatsoever !
0	leader of antifa
0	bite
0	dont forget my girl hillary she is doing the happy dance tonight url
1	until he is dead . because even after he is out of office he will likely command the news cycle for a long time .
0	the conservative cut the budget for social housing by more than the £2bn a part of their austerity measure . this new announcement is pure spin and it simply play on the failure of collective memory
0	luckily you ’ re in one of the safest seat . it allows you to be flippant/dismissive when it come to opposing view . still not heard a cohesive alternative plan from you though ... # brexitshambles
0	speaks volume to the shift of political ideology in canada when a sitting liberal mp identifies more with the the opposition conservative . both party have shifted too far left .
0	poor baby .
1	she is a nut case
0	# jiyoonfact she is the father of the group .
0	dianne feinstein disagrees . she effectively called the woman a liar
0	if gun control worked chicago would be a safe place to live
0	.drew your cat gorl while at work and while you are streaming : d url
1	lol fuck you
0	she is getting death threat . url
0	cannibal liberal style .
1	fuckoff you been knew im scared of him @
0	do you think if we let the ecb handle brexit & amp ; the conservative handle this new tournament they might actually make le of a mess of them both ?
0	well , there would n't be a rush '' if did n't sit on this allegation since july . but , hey . do n't let the fact get in the way of a good slander of conservative , right url
0	this is not lisa . she is in the front row and skinnier .
0	she is your sister ! lol
0	twitter or msn would not care if he didn ’ t have million of follower . and main stream want full control of everyone ’ s brain ... i ’ m sure i ’ m shadowed banned from saying this
0	a proven record of failure so why not .
1	eric holder a major embarrassment to law enforcement . you did nothing about those innocent black male killed in those street . one sorry black brother .
0	# liberal # activist call for # banning # men via “ man control ” since gun control isn ’ t having the desired effect – url url
0	a friend of mine said that touched him on his .... well you know ... he doe n't actually remember '' the detail .... but it happened he said . she should be referred to the fbi .... wait .... they are a corrupt a she is . ''
1	oh the dem candidate do have clearly stated policy proposal . one involves rational gun control . when elected they won ’ t vacillate like trump . you and are done deceiving america .
0	they just all want to keep their corrupt & amp ; cushioney job ! ! ! thry want to go back to ..... business a usual `` `` i do n't think so '' ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ''
1	you are delusional if you think he is the reason either game wa lost in the past two season lmao
1	eric and hussein just need to stfu and go away . too many american died a a result of their fast and furious '' gun running scheme gone bad . eric even defied congressional subpoena with hussein 's backing . despicable . ''
0	we need to stop expecting liberal to act reasonably ... they murder baby ... they are completely unhinged ! so long a the crazy keep voting for the crazy party ... you will get crazy . tds is real ! ! !
0	i 'll bet if award show trash christian and conservative even more their rating will really bounce back ......
1	all this tape prof is that wa always out to get a paycheck and to sabotage the one person who actually gave her a chance . who tape record conversation in the white house ? ? ? only someone looking to sell it later . she ’ s a snake
1	yeahhhhh i will admit to being a destiny 1 cayde liker but god they just made him suck in 2 !
0	so the only difference affecting crime rate between hi and conus is gun control ?
1	little known fact balaam raced donkey and gambled on race . one day his fastest as wa winning the jerusalem sweepstakes . and right before the finish the as lost control running over a samaritan and two african . local antifa saw the whole thing and blamed the fastest as !
0	he think it ’ s a coop . and he is trapped inside . but seriously i don ’ t know why no one ha considered that anonymous could be a family member . my money is on jared . he ha nothing to lose and everything to gain . to position himself after this fiasco .
0	bitchhh she wa suppose to order some oatmeal
1	that wench is on something . she must be to spout her drivel . wan na bet someone give her the beating first . let 's see .. she is in a parking lot with no one else around and a few black woman who are much better then her find her . or white people much brighter : )
0	thanks , i wa wondering what this term wa supposed to mean . right wing radicalisation '' ... is that supposed to imply that conservative engage in extremist tactic like maxine water call for ? ''
0	he is entitled to tell his side of story.then judge .
0	why would someone be videoing ? inside job ? asking for a friend . hope she is ok .
0	you do n't need makeup bc you are beautiful asf angel love u
0	omg xd the worst ( or the best , in my case is the best cuase it made me laught ) part wa her asking is he dead ? doe that hurt ? poor thing ... '' and the rest standin there like `` .... nope he is no suffering '' `` so he is dead ! '' `` ... yeah , pretty dead '' ''
0	it 's god not god
0	he is the best
0	the tea party wa the symptom not the cause . it started with jerry falwell and the moral majority that wa formed in the 1970s . the gop aligned with them a social conservative rather than sticking with their fiscal conservative platform . the tea party grew out of that .
0	she is
